The Jones High School senior is among a growing number of high-school students entering health-sciences magnet programs , a trend that is ushering them in to one of the fastest-growing career paths in the country .
The Lake County school district is preparing to join other counties with its first health-sciences academy next year for 100 students .
The colossal Medical City complex at Lake Nona , a 650-acre health and life-sciences park that has garnered national attention , is expected to create 30,000 jobs and $ 7.8 billion in annual economic activity by 2017 , Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer has said .
The programs offer hands-on experiences to students who can shadow paramedics during 12-hour shifts , sew sutures into chicken legs and assist at hospitals .
They can follow paramedics during 12-hour shifts spent responding to emergencies , stitch up chicken legs and assist at hospitals .
They can follow paramedics during 12-hour shifts , stitch up chicken legs and assist at hospitals .
They can follow paramedics who rush to emergencies , stitch up chicken legs and help out at hospitals .
The lessons shatter stereotypes portrayed in TV shows such as " Grey 's Anatomy " that limit the medical profession to surgeons , excluding other key areas such as equipment repair and medical imaging , school officials said .
Hundreds of students already have taken advantage of programs , and enrollment continues to grow .
Hundreds of students already have taken advantage of the programs , and enrollment continues to grow .
Hundreds of other students around the country already have taken advantage of these high school programs .
Hundreds of students are already in these high school programs .
This fall Jones High School celebrated the success of its 2014 graduates , who started college after being paired in a three-year mentoring program with aspiring doctors at UCF .
While they were in high school , they were paired in a three-year mentoring program with medical students at UCF .
In high school , they were paired with medical students from the University of Central Florida ( UCF ) .
" They see it as a place where they can get a job , " said Lisa Barkley , assistant dean at UCF 's College of Medicine .
Garrett , the Jones senior , said she plans to pursue a degree in medicine after high school because of her time in the medical-arts magnet program .
Garrett , the Jones senior , said she plans to pursue a degree in medicine after high school because of her time in the school 's medical-arts magnet program .
The 18-year-old said the classes are challenging , but that only motivates her more .
She thought about leaving the program but " I said , ‘ No , I have so many people depending on me . ' "
She thought about leaving the program , but " I said , ‘ No , I have so many people depending on me . ' "
She said she thought about leaving the program but decided , " No , I have so many people depending on me . "
She thought about leaving the program but decided : " No , I have so many people depending on me . "
The teenager , who has learned to take blood pressure and perform CPR , said the fact that knowing that ob-gyns make a good living pushed her to endure the rigorous program .
The teenager said knowing that ob-gyns make a good living pushed her to endure the tough program .
The teenager said the fact that doctors make a good living pushed her to keep with it .
The teenager said doctors make a good living , and that fact has pushed her to stay with it .
Various websites indicate that ob-gyns can earn upward of $ 200,000 a year and more .
Various websites indicate ob-gyns can earn upward of $ 200,000 a year .
Even if Garrett chose a different medical discipline , federal data suggest there are plenty of jobs available and more on the horizon .
Even if Garrett chose a different medical field , federal data suggest there are plenty of jobs available now and more on the horizon .
Even if Garrett chose a different medical field , government numbers suggest there are plenty of job openings right now , and there are even more on the horizon .
There are plenty of job openings now , and there will be even more in the future .
In 2014 the nation added about 65 percent more health-care jobs , or 108,000 positions , than the year before , due in part to money pumped into the economy by the Affordable Care Act , experts say .
In 2014 , the nation added about 65 percent more health care jobs , which amounts to about 108,000 more positions than in 2013 .
Local hospitals are supporting efforts to employ the best and brightest students close to home .
Paul Johns , chief operating officer at South Lake Hospital in Clermont , Florida , said the magnet programs cater to the evolving needs of health care , which soon will require more outpatient procedures and physician assistants .
Paul Johns is the chief operating officer at South Lake Hospital in Clermont , Florida .
" The trend is that you 're really trying to help those students understand what it 's going to take to be in the work force , whether you 're building widgets or doing something in health care , " he said .
" The trend is that you 're really trying to help those students understand what it 's going to take to be in the work force , " he said .
Time carved into the school day lets students prepare for clinical-certification exams , which , if they pass , allows them to work as EKG technicians , nursing technicians and medical assistants upon graduation .
The school day gives time to students to prepare for certification exams .
Students are given time during school to study for certification exams .
Students get time in school to study for certification exams .
No one expects adolescents to have made all their decisions yet , said Barkley , the UCF dean .
No one expects teens to have made all their decisions yet , said Barkley , the UCF dean .
No one , said UCF 's Barkley , expects teens to have made a final decision yet .
EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE , Calif . — Water leaks stain the ceiling of Irving L. Branch Elementary School .
EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE , Calif . — Sixth-grader Damian Rattler 's chair at Irving L. Branch Elementary School is held together with duct tape .
Electrical wiring is exposed , and students are careful to avoid cracks in the playground 's asphalt .
The 700-student campus is one of 10 California military base schools that the Pentagon has ranked as being in the top third of those most in need of repair nationwide .
Damian 's school is one of 10 California schools on military bases that are in terrible condition .
The United States Department of Defense has ranked it as being in the top one-third of those most in need of repair nationwide .
The United States Department of Defense has a list of 160 schools on bases in most need of repair .
The United States Department of Defense said they are among the most broken-down schools on military bases in the country .
In recent years , Congress allocated a total of $ 945 million to address critical problems with capacity and conditions at public schools on military installations .
To access the money , however , school districts or their states must provide 20 percent in matching funds .
To be able to use the money , school districts or their states must provide the remaining 20 percent .
But to use the money , school districts or their states must provide the remaining 20 percent .
To use the money , school districts or their states must pay the remaining 20 percent .
California — which has more schools on the repair list than any other state — is the only one that has not raised the necessary money , Department of Defense spokesman Mark Wright said .
It is the only state that has not raised the necessary money to pay its share , Department of Defense spokesman Mark Wright said .
It is the only state that will not provide money for the repairs , Department of Defense spokesman Mark Wright said .
It is the only state , though , that has not found money for the repairs , Wright said .
Only two California school districts , Sierra Sands Unified and San Diego Unified , have said they could meet the matching requirement .
At Branch Elementary in the Muroc Joint Unified School District , 60 percent of the students ' parents are in the military .
At Branch , 60 percent of the students ' parents are in the military .
At Branch Elementary , 60 percent of the students ' parents are in the military .
" It 's just sad to think that somebody is out there protecting our country , and at home their kids are going to a school with great teachers but with awful facilities , " principal Dennison Winchell said .
" And at home their kids are going to a school with great teachers , but with awful facilities . "
The needed upgrades at Branch , which ranks eighth out of 160 schools on the Pentagon 's priority list , will cost $ 27.8 million — meaning that the district would have to come up with about $ 5.5 million .
Branch ranks eighth out of 160 schools on the Defense Department 's priority list .
Branch ranks eighth out of 160 schools on the Defense Department 's list .
Branch is the eighth worst out of 160 schools on its list .
The much-needed upgrades at Branch will cost $ 27.8 million — meaning the district would have to come up with about $ 5.5 million .
The needed upgrades at Branch will cost $ 27.8 million .
School officials would like to replace the roof , upgrade playground equipment and purchase new doors for classrooms and offices , which currently only lock from the outside .
School officials would like to replace the roof , buy new playground equipment and new doors for classrooms and offices , which currently only lock from the outside .
School officials would like to replace the roof , buy new playground equipment and purchase new doors for classrooms and offices .
They would like to put in new playground equipment and new doors for classrooms and offices .
There also are electrical improvements to consider , such as upgrading lighting and installing air conditioning .
There are also electrical improvements to consider , such as upgrading lighting and installing air conditioning .
New lighting and air conditioning is also being considered .
They could also use better lighting and air conditioning .
Public school districts are often able to cover major maintenance and construction costs with the help of voter-approved bond money generated through property taxes .
Public school districts are often able to cover major maintenance and construction costs with the help of money raised through property taxes .
Public school districts are often able to cover major repair and construction costs with money from property taxes .
That does n't work for military base schools , which are on federal land .
That does not work for military base schools because they are on federal land , which is not taxed .
Last year , the California Department of Education asked the Department of Finance to provide $ 61 million in funding , which would cover the 20 percent matching for the 10 California schools on the list ; the request was denied .
The California Department of Education is now exploring legislative solutions , a spokeswoman said .
State Senator Jean Fuller , a Republican from Bakersfield , also proposed a bill that would have provided the 20 percent matching to some of the base schools in need of renovations .
Last year , State Senator Jean Fuller , a Republican from Bakersfield , proposed a bill that would have provided the 20 percent matching to some of the base schools .
State Senator Jean Fuller , a Republican from Bakersfield , also proposed a bill .
Without the federal aid , Fuller said , California may eventually have to pay the total cost of repairs .
" We can not let this stand , " she said .
Muroc Joint Unified has tried to raise the matching funds on its own , chief business officer , Trevor Walker , said .
" We 've tried pretty much anything we can think of in hopes we could find that match money .
Sierra Sands , about 70 miles from Edwards , has two schools on the priority list : Murray Middle School , ranked fourth , and Burroughs High School , ranked 10th .
Built in the 1940s on the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake , the middle school is in such bad condition that the district needs to rebuild .
Built in the 1940s on the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake , the middle school is in such bad condition that the district needs to rebuild it .
Despite saying that it could provide the matching funds , the district is struggling to do so , its superintendent , Ernie Bell , said .
Although the district at first said it could provide the matching funds , it is struggling to do so , Ernie Bell , the superintendent , said .
The district is struggling to find the money , superintendent Ernie Bell said .
Muroc Unified has funneled thousands in district money into the design phase of its project , but has not identified additional funds to begin construction .
Muroc Unified has funneled thousands in district money into designing the project , but does not have the money to begin construction .
Sammy Rattler , whose wife is in the Air Force and has been deployed five times , has a child attending Branch .
Sammy Rattler , whose wife is in the Air Force and has been sent overseas five times , has a child attending Branch .
Sammy Rattler 's wife is in the Air Force and has been sent overseas five times .
The school , he said , needs more resources .
" When children are left behind here , " Rattler said , " parents want the best opportunities possible for them — and a safe environment at school . "
" When children are left behind here , " Rattler said , " parents want the best opportunities possible for them . "
Comic book is Rep. John Lewis’ civil rights-era teaching tool
A congressman writes a comic book about his work in the civil rights era
The 74-year-old Democratic congressman from Georgia said that when he turned the pages , it brought that historic era , from 1961 to 1963 , when he was in his early 20s , right back : the beatings , bus bombing , dogs and fire hoses loosed on children .
" The drama of what happened , how it happened ; it 's so moving to me and so powerful , and for me to look at some of the drawings , it almost makes me cry , " he said in an interview .
" The drama of what happened , how it happened — it 's so moving to me and so powerful , and for me to look at some of the drawings , it almost makes me cry , " he said .
The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr . 's father used to give his son preaching advice — " ‘ Make it plain , son , make it plain , ' " Lewis said .
" And I think ‘ March : Book Two ' makes it plain and makes it possible for the young to understand , to feel it . "
Lewis ' latest account of that turbulent era comes amid renewed attention due to the film " Selma , " based on the civil right supporters ' famous and bloody efforts in 1965 to march from Selma , Alabama , to the state capital in Montgomery to seek equal voting rights .
The movie is based on the famous march from Selma , Alabama , to the state capital in Montgomery in 1965 to seek equal voting rights for African-Americans .
During the first attempt , Lewis was clubbed in the head , which the film depicts .
During the march , Lewis was clubbed in the head by police , which the film shows .
The best-selling " March : Book One " takes the first-person story of Lewis from his boyhood on his parents ' sharecropper farm in Alabama to his embrace of nonviolent resistance and lunch counter sit-ins .
Lewis ' first book , the best-selling " March : Book One , " begins when he was a boy on his parents ' farm in Alabama .
It covers the Freedom Rides and ends with the 1963 March on Washington — Lewis was one of six organizers , and is the only one still living — and the bombing of a church in Birmingham , Alabama , that killed four young girls .
Lewis was one of six organizers , and is the only one still living .
Lewis was one of six organizers of the march , and is the only one still living .
Lewis was one of six people who planned the march .
Lewis , first elected to Congress in 1986 , worked on the books with co-author Andrew Aydin , a legislative aide , and artist Nate Powell .
He worked on the books with co-author Andrew Aydin , one of his aides , and artist Nate Powell .
He worked on the books with co-author Andrew Aydin , one of his staff members .
He wrote the books with Andrew Aydin , who works for him .
Hundreds of schools in 40 states have used the first " March " book .
Aydin and Lewis know because they keep a tally of the places where they 've heard from students and teachers .
" Unfortunately , the civil rights movement is barely taught at all , " he said .
The Southern Poverty Law Center , in a 2011 report , " Teaching the Movement , " found that 16 states did n't require instruction about the movement , and in 19 others coverage was minimal , while most states failed to teach that era well .
In a 2011 report , the Southern Poverty Law Center found that 16 states did n't require instruction about the civil rights movement .
In a 2011 report , the Southern Poverty Law Center found that 16 states did n't require schools to teach about the civil rights movement .
Sixteen states did not require schools to teach about the civil rights movement , a report found .
After a grand jury decided not to indict the white police officer who shot and killed unarmed black youth Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , last year , students in Louisiana created an organization modeled on the national student movement Lewis led , because they 'd read about it in his first book installment , Aydin said .
" They could all benefit about understanding how nonviolent protests succeeded in the past in pressuring political leaders to act , " Aydin said .
Aydin got the idea for the book in 2008 , when he worked as Lewis ' press secretary for his re-election campaign .
Aydin got the idea for the book in 2008 , when he worked as Lewis ' spokesman for his re-election campaign .
Aydin got the idea for the book in 2008 , when he worked on Lewis ' re-election campaign .
In 2008 , Aydin came up with the idea for the books .
Aydin said he 'd go to a comic book convention .
Aydin told staff members he planned to go to a comic book convention after the election ended .
He told people he planned to go to a comic book convention .
People laughed .
They laughed .
" Do n't laugh , " Lewis put in .
He told them that a comic book in the 1950s , " Martin Luther King and the Montgomery Story , " had inspired him when he was 17 , growing up 50 miles from Montgomery .
He said that a comic book in the 1950s called " Martin Luther King and the Montgomery Story " had inspired him when he was 17 , growing up 50 miles from Montgomery .
He told them that a comic book in the 1950s called " Martin Luther King and the Montgomery Story , " had inspired him when he was 17 , growing up 50 miles from Montgomery .
He said that a comic book in the 1950s had inspired him when he was 17 .
Aydin asked Lewis why did n't he write a comic book now .
It was preposterous , " Aydin said , " But it was still a good idea . "
Aydin was there working for Lewis , watching a moment in history that his boss and many others had helped make possible .
More needs to be done to shine a light on that era , he thought , and the comic book might be the way to do it .
More needs to be done to shine a light on that era , he thought , and a comic book might be the way to do it .
The elusive Sierra Nevada red fox was recently spotted in Yosemite National Park for the first time in nearly 100 years .
For the first time in nearly 100 years , the rare Sierra Nevada red fox was spotted in Yosemite National Park .
The incredibly rare Sierra Nevada red fox was recently spotted in Yosemite National Park .
A Sierra Nevada red fox was just spotted in Yosemite National Park .
The sighting of the red fox — one of 14 mammals protected by California — was captured by motion-sensitive cameras on Dec .
Park officials are still trying to determine whether the cameras caught the same fox or a second one .
Park officials are still trying to determine whether the cameras caught the same fox or a different one .
California 's Sierra Nevada red fox is one of the rarest mammals in North America , Cobb said .
California 's Sierra Nevada red fox is one of the most endangered animals in North America , Cobb said .
California 's Sierra Nevada red fox is one of the most endangered animals in North America .
The red fox is one of the most endangered animals in the country .
Fewer than 50 of the bushy-tailed mammals exist in North America .
The last time a red fox was seen at Yosemite was in 1915 , she said .
The shy creatures avoid human interactions .
The shy creatures avoid humans .
Little is known about the creature because sightings are so rare .
Photographs of the Sierra Nevada red fox were taken in 1990 during a wolverine study at the Lassen National Forest .
Photographs of the Sierra Nevada red fox were taken in 1990 during a study at the Lassen National Forest in California , north of Yosemite .
In 1990 , video of a Sierra Nevada red fox were taken in the Lassen National Forest .
In 1990 , videos of the red fox were taken in the Lassen National Forest .
The forest is in California , north of Yosemite .
The forest is north of Yosemite .
Determined to photograph the creature again , park wildlife biologists placed cameras in Tioga Pass , where the fox was seen years earlier .
Determined to photograph the fox again , wildlife biologists placed cameras in Tioga Pass .
Then , in August 2010 , a Sierra Nevada red fox was finally photographed near Sonora Pass , north of Yosemite .
In 2010 , a red fox was finally captured on video , in Sonora Pass north of Yosemite .
The small animal was filmed biting on a bait bag containing chicken scraps .
The fox was videotaped biting on a bait bag containing chicken scraps .
The fox was taped biting on a bag containing chicken scraps .
A video camera recorded a fox biting on a bag .
The bag contained chicken scraps .
University of California , Davis researchers analyzed saliva samples from the bag and confirmed its DNA was that of a Sierra Nevada red fox .
University of California , Davis researchers analyzed samples of saliva from the bag .
University of California scientists discovered saliva on the bag .
After the fox left , scientists checked the bag .
Two years ago , Cobb said , she and her husband spotted one of the foxes during a deer hunting trip near Sonora Pass .
Two years ago , Cobb and her husband spotted a red fox during a deer hunting trip at the Sonora Pass .
" They are extremely cute little animals , " she said .
" They are extremely cute little animals , " Cobb said .
Researchers will continue using remote cameras to look for the Sierra Nevada red fox .
Researchers will continue to look for the Sierra Nevada red fox .
Researchers hope to obtain hair samples for genetic analysis , so they can learn more about the red fox and determine whether it is connected to the Sonora Pass sighting .
The latest sighting , Cobb said , is a good sign .
The latest sighting in Yosemite , Cobb said , is a good sign .
The Yosemite sighting , Cobb said , is a good sign .
The fox sighting in Yosemite is a good sign , Cobb said .
Today Sam will plow through the city 's rough boroughs in search of artisanal cookie dough , even though he ought to stay home to nurse his cough .
A group of experts in Britain and United States believes the illogical spelling in the English language is more than just annoying for those who have to memorize the rules .
A group of experts in Britain and the United States believes the lack of logic in the spelling of the English language is more than just annoying for those who have to memorize the rules .
A group of experts in Britain and the United States wants to change things .
They propose an International English Spelling Congress to implement a spelling system that makes more sense .
They propose an International English Spelling Congress to come up with a spelling system that makes more sense .
They want to hold an International English Spelling Congress .
The congress would come up with a spelling system that makes more sense .
" In some languages like Finnish , Spanish and Italian , there is a strong correlation between the written and spoken word , " said Stephen Linstead , head of the English Spelling Society .
In languages like Spanish and Italian , words are more likely to sound like they are spelled , said Stephen Linstead .
Linstead said British and U.S. English have a one-two punch of incongruity : Words with the same letter groupings are pronounced differently and the same sound can be spelled differently , depending on the word .
Linstead said British and U.S. English have two major peculiarities : Words with the same letter groupings are pronounced differently and the same sound can be spelled differently , depending on the word .
Linstead said British and American English have two problems : Words with the same spelling are pronounced differently , and the same sound can be spelled differently , depending on the word .
Linstead said British and American English have two problems : Words with the same spelling are pronounced differently , and the same sound can be spelled differently .
Linguistic experts from around the world would propose a list of new spellings to correct problematic word groups — see : " ough " — and the congress would select an alternative spelling system .
The effort is not simply to iron out kinks in the language .
Linstead said university studies in Britain have concluded that English-speaking children take significantly longer to learn basic literacy skills than children in other European countries .
Linstead said university studies in Britain have concluded that English-speaking children take significantly longer to learn basic literacy skills than children in other European countries , and that part of the problem lies in the spelling .
Linstead said university studies in Britain have concluded that English-speaking children take significantly longer to learn basic reading and writing skills than children in other European countries .
Linstead said studies in Britain have found that English-speaking children take longer to learn reading and writing skills than children in other European countries .
" One of the members said one of the reasons he joined us was because of the frustrations he felt teaching his children to read by using phonics , " Linstead said .
The American Literacy Council also is involved in the endeavor .
Linstead acknowledged that to make any widespread changes would be a monumental task .
Portugal recently implemented sweeping changes to switch all Portuguese-language use in several countries over to the Brazilian system of orthography , which is more phonetic .
That decision , while in the works for years , has been widely criticized , according to various news reports .
It 's a decision that , though in the works for years , has been widely criticized , according to various news reports .
There have been similar movements throughout American history .
Col. Robert McCormick , longtime publisher of the Chicago Tribune , was a major advocate for simplified spelling , and his newspaper for a time used " fantom " instead of " phantom " and " frate " instead of " freight . "
His newspaper for a time used " fantom " instead of " phantom " and " frate " instead of " freight , " before switching back .
The Chicago Tribune newspaper once supported simplified spelling , and for a time used " fantom " instead of " phantom " and " frate " instead of " freight , " before switching back .
The Chicago Tribune newspaper once supported simplified spelling , and for a time used " fantom " instead of " phantom " and " frate " instead of " freight . "
And in the early 20th century , the Simplified Spelling Board published a list of 300 words with more intuitive spellings : " fixt " for " fixed " for instance .
In the early 20th century , the Simplified Spelling Board published a list of 300 words with spellings that seemed more natural , including " fixt " for " fixed " for instance .
President Theodore Roosevelt endorsed the changes , but his executive order was overturned by Congress .
President Theodore Roosevelt agreed with the changes , but Congress stopped them from happening .
Linstead said the spelling congress is more of a grassroots initiative and changes may take hold more easily if society is able to decide what to adopt .
Linstead said the spelling congress is more of a grassroots movement supported by many average people , and changes may take hold more easily if society is able to decide what to adopt .
LOUIS — The girls huddled in the corner of the gym as the game clock ticked down to halftime , their arms linked , hands clutching the shiny bundles of silver and black .
LOUIS — The McCluer Pommies huddled in the corner of the gym as the game clock ticked down to halftime .
LOUIS — As the game clock counted down to halftime , the McCluer Pommies linked their arms .
LOUIS — The McCluer Pommies linked their arms .
" Remember your stuff , " she told her team .
" Remember your stuff , " high school senior Sierra McKenzie told her team .
Then Sierra McKenzie , a fourth-year student , told her team , " Remember your stuff .
Then Sierra McKenzie , the leader of the Pommies , told her team , " Remember your stuff .
Unrest after Michael Brown 's death in Ferguson forced cancellations of practices .
Music starts , and a dozen straight faces flip to wide smiles , matching the energy in the moves on their faces .
The music starts , and their smiles widen , matching the energy in their moves .
And in the midst of the challenges , there have been victories .
Unlike powerhouse dance competition teams , most of the McCluer Pommies have never had any formal training .
There are tryouts and qualifications to earn a spot on the team , as well as interviews , parent meetings and a financial investment .
A new Pommie this year paid nearly $ 1,000 to cover costs , minus whatever she was able to fund raise .
Students say being a Pommie is seen as an honor and a lot of work .
Students say being a Pommie is an honor and a lot of work .
Wesley-Stewart and Allen stress that the girls must have a commitment to both the team and their academics .
The Pommies ' other coach , Jackie Allen , stresses that the girls must have a commitment to both the team and their studies .
She said the girls must be committed to the team and to school .
" A McCluer Pommie shall provide a spirit-promoting service , be loyal , have high morals and standards , be a good example in and out of school , and develop self-discipline and confidence , " reads the team 's website .
That mission is important , Wesley-Stewart said , especially in light of what happened in Ferguson after the grand jury decision that there would be no charges against Darren Wilson , who was a Ferguson police officer when he shot and killed Brown .
" There are good kids out there and good parents , " Wesley-Stewart said .
" There are good kids out there , and good parents , " Wesley-Stewart said .
A planned trivia night in December had to be canceled .
People said they did n't feel comfortable in the area at night because of the previous violence .
People said they did n't feel comfortable being in the area at night because of the violence .
People did not feel comfortable going to the area at night because of the violence .
People did not want to go to the area because of the violence .
The girls have sold pizza , tumblers and spirit wear .
" A lot of people do n't have the money , " said Victoria Mantia , a junior .
" A lot of people do n't have the money , " said Victoria Mantia , a high school junior .
In November , when the grand jury announcement came , practices were missed with less than two weeks before a major competition .
After the grand jury announcement in November , practices were missed less than two weeks before a major competition .
The girls had to miss practice less than two weeks before a major competition in St. Louis .
The girls had to miss practice less than two weeks before a big competition in St. Louis .
In the crowd watching the Pommies at a recent McCluer basketball game was 2011 graduate Aaries Wadsworth .
She came to see the team perform and her former coaches , with whom she still keeps in touch , before heading back to the University of Missouri-Kansas City , where she will graduate in May .
She came to see the team and her former coaches before heading back to the University of Missouri-Kansas City .
And as individuals , the girls say they grow each year in their work ethic and confidence .
The girls say they grow each year in their work ethic and confidence .
Some said Wesley-Stewart helped them get their grades up .
Is there a safe time to let your kids play tackle football ?
When is it safe to play tackle football ?
When is it safe to let kids play tackle football? Study says after age 12
Study says age 11 and younger may be too soon to play tackle football
That has yet to be determined , but a new study suggests you may want to wait until they are at least 12 years old .
Researchers found that former NFL players who started playing tackle football before age 12 performed an average of 20 percent worse on a series of cognitive tests than those who started playing tackle football after they had celebrated their 12th birthdays .
To conduct the study , the researchers recruited 42 former professional football players who were between 41 and 65 years old .
The study looked at 42 former professional football players between the ages of 41 and 65 .
Half of the study participants had started playing tackle football before they were 12 , the others started when they were 12 or older .
They fell into two groups : half started playing tackle football before they were 12 , and the other half started when they were 12 or older .
The players were given a series of cognitive tests .
A memory test , for instance , required the players to remember a list of words immediately after it had been read to them , as well as 15 minutes later .
A memory test , for instance , required the players to remember a list of words immediately after it had been read to them , and then again 15 minutes later .
To measure memory , players tried to recall a list of words immediately after it had been read to them , and then again 15 minutes later .
On all three tests , the players who had started playing tackle football before they turned 12 performed significantly worse than players of the same age who had taken up the sport later in life .
On all three tests , the players who had started playing tackle football earlier in life performed significantly worse than their counterparts .
Stern , who oversees clinical research for Boston University 's Alzheimer Disease Center and the BU Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy Center , explained that the research team chose the age of 12 as the dividing line because it is an important time for the brain .
He said that the research team chose the age of 12 as the dividing line because it is an important time for the brain .
In an editorial accompanying the paper , Christopher Filley of the University of Colorado School of Medicine and Charles Bernick of the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health wrote that 70 percent of all football players in the U.S. are younger than 14 and that players between 9 and 12 are exposed to an average of 240 head impacts in a single football season .
According to researchers Christopher Filley and Charles Bernick , 70 percent of all football players in the U.S. are younger than 14 .
According to two other researchers , Christopher Filley and Charles Bernick , 7 out of 10 football players in the U.S. are younger than 14 .
While they applauded the study as " innovative , " they also noted that it has significant limitations .
While Filley and Bernick applauded the new study as " innovative , " they also noted that it had some major limitations .
Filley and Bernick praised the new study .
Also , all of the participants were pulled from a group of former NFL players who had reported symptoms of cognitive , behavioral and mood problems in the previous six months .
However , if common sense tells parents that it 's not a great idea to put a kid at risk of getting a head injury during a time when the brain is doing some important development work , this study seconds that notion , he said .
" Common sense may be right , " he added .
POINT REYES NATIONAL SEASHORE , Calif . — The once-bustling oyster farm and sales shack at the end of the dirt road had the look of sudden abandonment .
Doors and windows gaped open .
Wind-chapped buildings were stripped of everything that was valuable or could be resold to other oyster operators .
Inside , the commercial detritus of the former owner cluttered mud-caked floors : a shopping cart , fishing poles , plastic gloves , bottles of condiments , office chairs .
Inside , the remains of the former oyster business cluttered mud-caked floors : a shopping cart , fishing poles , plastic gloves and office chairs .
Inside , the mud-covered floors were cluttered with what was left from the oyster farm : a shopping cart , fishing poles , plastic gloves , office chairs .
In the clear waters of Drakes Estero , where decades of farmers had groomed crops of sought-after oysters , flecks of yellowed plastic foam broken off a timeworn floating barge bobbed like misplaced snowflakes .
Farmers had groomed crops of oysters in the clear waters of Drakes Estero , or estuary , for decades .
It 's the aftermath of a yearslong legal battle between the oyster farmer and the National Park Service , which fought to reclaim and restore the bay .
It is what remains after a yearslong legal battle between the oyster farmer and the National Park Service , which fought to take back and restore the bay .
It is what remains after a yearslong legal battle between the oyster farmer and the National Park Service , which fought to take back and restore the bay to its natural state .
This was what remained after a court battle between the oyster farmer and the National Park Service .
The park service prevailed — after spending millions of dollars in scores of lawsuits that ended at the U.S. Supreme Court .
The park service won after spending millions of dollars in lawsuits that ended at the U.S. Supreme Court .
The park service won after spending millions of dollars in lawsuits .
It won after several years and spending millions of dollars in lawsuits .
The park is now undertaking an uncommon enterprise — returning a working landscape to its primitive state .
It 's expensive work that must be completed before the West Coast 's first marine wilderness can be unveiled to the public .
It is expensive work that must be completed before the West Coast 's first marine wilderness can be unveiled to the public .
It is expensive work and it must be completed before the marine wilderness can be opened to the public .
The oyster farm 's permit required the operators , the Lunny family , to remove all commercial equipment from the Estero , but the family argued in legal filings that doing so would bankrupt them .
The oyster farm 's permit required the Lunny family to remove all commercial equipment from the Estero .
Wanting a speedy resolution to the legal wranglings , the park agreed to a court-brokered deal that allowed the Lunny family to walk away from the onshore facilities but required the family to remove all oysters under cultivation in the water .
The park wanted a speedy resolution to the legal wranglings and agreed to a deal .
The deal allowed the Lunnys to walk away from the facilities onshore but required the family to remove all oysters in the water .
The settlement also allowed the dozen or so former employees who live on the site in two small homes and three trailers to stay for at least three months while a government contractor attempts to find suitable housing for them .
As crews painstakingly remove remnants of the farm , Muldoon rhapsodizes about kayaking and snorkeling in Drakes Estero , the tidal area where explorer Sir Francis Drake is believed to have made landfall 430 years ago .
The crew spent a week scraping off a handful of buildings , docks and rusty equipment where the farmer and his workers harvested oysters and clams and served snacks to tourists .
The crew spent a week scraping off buildings , docks and rusty equipment where the farmers used to harvest oysters and serve snacks to tourists .
Crews removed 660 yards of building material and some 6,250 square feet of asphalt , about 40 truckloads of rubble .
Crews removed 660 yards of building material and some 6,250 square feet of asphalt , amounting to about 40 truckloads of rubble .
So far , crews have removed 660 yards of building material and some 6,250 square feet of asphalt .
So far , crews have removed about 40 truckloads of building materials and asphalt .
The expense of restoring the Estero itself will also be significant .
The expense of restoring the Estero water will also be significant .
The expense of restoring the Estero waters will also be significant .
Officials expect it will take up to a year and cost more than twice the amount of the work done on land .
There are no precise estimates because before removing the 5 miles of oyster racks — a quarter-of-a-million board-feet of pressure-treated lumber — a multi-jurisdictional group representing federal , state and local agencies will have to fashion a plan that ensures no harm to aquatic plants or animals .
Before removing the 5 miles of oyster racks , a group representing federal , state and local agencies will have to agree on a plan that ensures no harm to plants or animals .
Much of that planning will fall to Ben Becker , Point Reyes ' lead marine scientist .
He recently launched a small boat into the wind-chopped bay and slowly motored away from the fog-shrouded rolling hills of the seashore .
Becker was on a reconnaissance mission , trailing an underwater camera that will help him and the other scientists figure out how to wrench out an extensive network of oyster racks held up by some 4,700 wooden posts sunk into the Estero 's sandy bottom .
Becker was trailing an underwater camera that will help him and the other scientists figure out how to wrench out an extensive network of oyster racks held up by some 4,700 wooden posts sunk into the Estero 's sandy bottom .
The camera will help him and the other scientists figure out how to wrench out an extensive network of oyster racks are held up by roughly 4,700 wooden posts sunk into the Estero 's sandy bottom .
The weight of the water-logged wood is estimated at 375 tons , and exhuming it will likely require a powerful hoist .
The weight of the water-logged wood is estimated at 375 tons , and lifting it out will likely require a powerful hoist .
The weight of the water-logged wood is estimated at 375 tons , and lifting it out will probably require a powerful hoist .
The weight of the water-logged wood is estimated at 375 tons .
Already a crew on the water was removing the vestiges of the oyster and clam operation .
Already a crew on the water was removing the remains of the oyster and clam operation .
The bags hit the deck of a floating barge , each one releasing a wriggling tangle of eels , followed by a platoon of tiny marching crabs .
The Estero 's 2,500 acres are a natural refuge for seals , which are believed to have moved to other areas to avoid the oyster farm 's regular motorboat traffic .
The Estero 's 2,500 acres are a natural refuge for seals .
But they are believed to have moved to other areas to avoid the oyster farm 's regular motorboat traffic .
But they are believed to have moved to other areas to avoid the oyster farm 's motorboat traffic .
Wildlife biologist David Press said that he does n't expect the seal population to suddenly increase because of the reversion to wilderness , but that the distribution of seals may change and they might come back to the Estero .
Wildlife biologist David Press said that he does not expect the seal population to increase immediately , but they might eventually come back to the Estero .
Wildlife biologist David Press said once the marine wilderness is restored , seals might come back to the Estero .
Once the area is restored , scientists think seals might come back to the Estero .
CARACAS , Venezuela — Waiting in line for hours to buy groceries at a supermarket in eastern Caracas , Helena Siso did n't know or care who was to blame for the acute shortages of consumer goods plaguing Venezuela .
CARACAS , Venezuela — Waiting in line for hours to buy groceries at a supermarket in Caracas , Helena Siso did n't know or care who was to blame for the acute shortages of food and other goods plaguing Venezuela .
CARACAS , Venezuela — Helena Siso spent hours in line to buy groceries .
In addition to shortages that force people to wait in long lines for sugar , cooking oil , soaps , rice and other merchandise , Venezuela is also in the grips of a sputtering economy and rising inflation that last year averaged 63 percent , the highest rate in Latin America .
As he waited in line at a supermarket in the Mercedes barrio in eastern Caracas , construction worker Ramon Diaz said what bothered him was that many subsidized goods such as milk , meant to be available at the government chain of grocery stores , ends up in the hands of black-market sellers who charge three times the official prices .
Construction worker Ramon Diaz waited in line at a supermarket in Caracas .
Construction worker Ramon Diaz waited in line at a supermarket in Caracas , the nation 's capital .
He said what bothered him was that many items such as milk , which are meant to be sold at fixed prices in government stores , do n't get there .
The lines are not only growing longer but more violent , a sign of rising frustration , Siso said .
Siso said the lines are not only longer but more violent , a sign of rising frustration .
Siso said the lines are getting longer and tougher , as people get more frustrated .
Siso said the lines are getting longer and tougher , as people get more angry .
She avoids shopping in the Valles del Tuy barrio where she lives because the " law of the jungle " is what prevails there .
She will not go shopping in her neighborhood , because the " law of the jungle " is what rules there .
" Those who push , shove and punch take everything and leave nothing for the rest of us . "
" Those who push , shove and punch take everything and leave nothing for the rest of us , " she said .
Among the few defenders of the government encountered in Thursday 's lines was Jose Delgado , a 42-year-old shopping center janitor , who blamed scarcities on hoarding wholesalers .
Jose Delgado , a 42-year-old janitor , was one of the few people standing in line who defended the government .
Jose Delgado , a janitor , was one of the few people standing in line who defended the government .
Delgado is among the still considerable supporters of the late Hugo Chavez .
Delgado is among the many people who supported the late Hugo Chavez and are still behind the government .
Delgado is one of the many people who supported the late Hugo Chavez and still supports the government .
" The people in these lines buy more than they need and so that 's why everything runs out so fast . "
" The people in these lines buy more than they need and so that 's why everything runs out so fast , " he said .
In his televised speech before the National Assembly on Wednesday night , Maduro defended the socialist system , saying it " guarantees the just distribution of Venezuela 's wealth " and enables the country to confront the " assaults of economic warfare that reappeared in the second half of 2014 . "
Maduro has repeatedly blamed the United States for his country 's economic problems , saying that the rise of U.S. shale-oil production and its effects on world oil prices is a tactic designed to destabilize Venezuela .
Maduro blames the United States for his country 's economic problems and claims the United States is producing more oil to drive down its price and make his government weaker .
Zulay Gutierrez , a 30-year-old hotel concierge , who was interviewed as she stood in line to buy disposable diapers at a drugstore in the Candelaria section of eastern Caracas , said the blame lies closer to home .
He also announced a 15 percent increase in the minimum wage , effective next month , and an increase in scholarships for high school and college students .
President Maduro announced an increase in the minimum wage for workers , which is the least amount of money a person can get paid for work .
President Maduro announced an increase in the minimum wage for workers , which is the lowest amount someone can be paid for doing a job .
President Maduro said the minimum wage for workers will go up .
The minimum wage is the least someone can get paid for doing a job .
But those details were far from the mind of motorcycle messenger Carlos Frias , as he stood in line at a Farmatodo drug store in the Santa Fe shopping center .
Carlos Frias was n't thinking about those details as he stood in line at a drug store .
" This is how I live every day , standing in line for milk and diapers .
" This is how I live every day , standing in line for milk and diapers , " he said .
He said he spends every day standing in line for milk and diapers .
CHICAGO — Imagine a hardcore video game fanatic , and the picture you summon probably wo n't resemble Roman Rivera .
He grew up captivated by games from " Pokemon " to " Call of Duty , " and evaded his mom 's screen time limits by covertly playing his Game Boy after lights out .
Now that he 's 21 , he spends up to four hours a day battling enemies in the virtual arena of " Dota 2 . "
Yet he was an honor student and a member of the debate team at suburban Downers Grove North High School , and today he 's studying economics at the University of Chicago .
Yet he was an honor student and a member of the debate team at Downers Grove North High School outside of Chicago , and today he is studying economics at the University of Chicago .
These accomplishments did n't come in spite of gaming , Rivera said ; in a way , gaming helped to make them possible .
Rivera 's belief echoes a new wave of research that has found surprising advantages in an activity that many dismiss as a waste of time , if not an outright menace .
Social scientists have recently linked gaming with enhanced mental skills , moral sensitivity and even physical fitness , creating a new image of this ubiquitous but controversial pastime .
Social scientists have recently linked gaming with enhanced mental skills , moral decision-making and even physical fitness .
Scientists have recently linked gaming with better brain power , decision-making and even physical fitness .
" We 're working really hard on understanding what aspects of gaming could be leveraged for the betterment of society , " said Daphne Bavelier , a cognitive neuroscientist who researches video games at the University of Geneva in Switzerland and the University of Rochester in New York .
She is a neuroscientist who researches video games at the University of Geneva in Switzerland and the University of Rochester in New York .
She is a neuroscientist who researches video games at the University of Rochester in New York .
She researches video games at the University of Rochester in New York .
You could try to ban it , but it seems to have really interesting positive effects . "
Researchers have done thousands of studies on gaming since the 1980s , often with unmistakably negative results .
Researchers have done thousands of studies on gaming since the 1980s , often with clearly negative results .
Researchers have done thousands of studies on gaming since the 1980s .
Professors have done thousands of studies on gaming since the 1980s .
Some associated video games with an increased risk of epileptic seizures , while others cautioned that the games could provoke dangerously elevated heart rates .
When a new generation of scholars more familiar with the technology comes along , different results often appear — and that 's what is happening with gaming , he said .
When a new generation of scientists more familiar with a technology comes along , different results often appear in studies , said Christopher Ferguson , a psychology professor at Stetson University in Florida .
With a new generation of scientists more familiar with technology , different results often appear in studies , said Christopher Ferguson , a professor at Stetson University in Florida .
Different results have often appeared , said Christopher Ferguson , a professor at Stetson University in Florida .
Ferguson has done dozens of studies on the subject and has consistently found that violent video games do not contribute to societal aggression .
Ferguson has consistently found that violent video games do not contribute to aggression in kids .
Ferguson has found that violent video games do not make kids more violent .
Ferguson found that violent video games do not necessarily make kids violent .
One recent project actually concluded that some children who play violent games are less likely than others to act like bullies .
One recent project actually concluded that some children who play violent games are less likely than others to be bullies .
One project actually concluded that some children who play violent games are less likely to be bullies .
" My speculation is that maybe kids turn to video games cathartically … or it could just be that they 're busy , so they do n't have time to bully other kids , " he said .
Because they are busy playing video games , " they do n't have time to bully other kids , " he said .
It could also be that they are busy playing games , " so they do n't have time to bully other kids , " he said .
They also might be so busy " they do n't have time to bully other kids , " he said .
Youth survey data she examined found that those who play video games for an average of three to six hours a day were healthier than those who played less .
She found that those who play video games for an average of three to six hours a day were healthier than those who played less .
Yet professor Chennan Liu found that those who play video games for three to six hours a day were healthier than those who played less .
But she guessed that gaming might burn more calories than watching TV , or that kids gripping a controller are less inclined to pick up a snack or a soda .
Gaming might burn more calories than just watching TV or it may be that kids holding a controller are not as likely to pick up a snack or a soda .
Gaming might burn more calories than just watching TV , she believes .
Kids playing video games move around more than if they were just watching TV , she said .
It also may be that kids holding a controller are not as likely to pick up a snack or a soda .
They also seemed to be less likely to pick up a snack or a soda .
That theory made sense to Dan Wojtowicz , 18 , a student at Andrew High School in suburban Tinley Park , who spends up to seven hours a day on " StarCraft II , " " League of Legends " and other games .
That theory made sense to Dan Wojtowicz , 18 , a student at Andrew High School in Tinley Park , Illinois .
He spends up to seven hours a day on " StarCraft II , " " League of Legends " and other games .
" When I go on long gaming streaks , many times I do n't feel the need to eat as much , even though it takes a lot of my energy , " he said .
" When I go on long gaming streaks , many times I do n't feel the need to eat as much , " he said .
He said when he goes on long gaming streaks he does not feel as hungry .
Simone Kuhn , a researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Human Development in Berlin , has found that the prefrontal cortex actually grows thicker and gray matter more voluminous in people who play games as humble as " Super Mario 64 , " changes that could improve memory and navigational ability .
Simone Kuhn , a researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Human Development in Berlin , has found that the brain 's prefrontal cortex , which is linked to a person 's personality and decision-making , actually grows thicker and gray matter expands in people who play games .
Simone Kuhn is a researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Human Development in Berlin , Germany .
She found that the brain 's prefrontal cortex actually grows thicker in people who play games .
She found that areas of the brain grow stronger in people who play games .
Bavelier has focused on cognitive performance , finding that first-person shooters — one of the most reviled categories of video games — can help improve a person 's vision and ability to pay attention .
Not everyone is sold on the positive findings coming from recent gaming research .
Not everyone is sold on the idea that gaming is good for you .
Joseph Bisoglio , who has studied the subject at Columbia University Medical Center in New York , said " the hype has outpaced the data . "
Joseph Bisoglio , who has studied the subject at Columbia University Medical Center in New York , said that studies generally do not compare gaming with other activities that exercise the brain .
Joseph Bisoglio has studied the subject at Columbia University Medical Center in New York .
Joseph Bisoglio has studied gaming at Columbia University Medical Center in New York .
Doug Bakshis was dubious of the value of video games when his son Noah began to shut himself in his room to play the likes of " Minecraft " and " Fallout : New Vegas " for hours at a time .
Doug Bakshis doubted the value of video games when his son Noah began to play " Minecraft " and other games for hours at a time .
Doug Bakshis questioned the value of video games when his son Noah began to play " Minecraft " and other games for hours at a time .
Doug Bakshis questioned the value of gaming when his son began to play for hours at a time .
But then Noah , who has Asperger 's syndrome , started to show a more open personality .
But then Noah , who has Asperger 's syndrome , a disability that affects social skills , started becoming more open to the world .
But then Noah , who has Asperger 's syndrome , a disability that affects his social skills , started opening up more .
The disability affects his social skills .
" ( Games ) helped me discover what my inner ethics are , what choices I would make in particular situations , " he said .
You can grow emotional attachment to the characters , and that 's not a bad thing .
" You can grow emotional attachment to the characters , and that 's not a bad thing , " he said .
Gamers can get really attached to the characters , " and that 's not a bad thing , " he said .
BAGHDAD — When Islamic State group militants invaded the Central Library of Mosul earlier this month , they were on a mission to destroy a familiar enemy : other people 's ideas .
BAGHDAD — When members of the Islamic State group invaded the Central Library of Mosul earlier this month , they were on a mission : to destroy other people 's ideas .
BAGHDAD — Earlier this month , members of the Islamic State group invaded Mosul 's Central Library .
BAGHDAD — Earlier this month , members of the Islamic State group entered Mosul 's Central Library .
Residents say the extremists smashed the locks that had protected the biggest repository of learning in the northern Iraq town , and loaded around 2,000 books — including children 's stories , poetry , philosophy and tomes on sports , health , culture and science — into six pickup trucks .
Residents say the extremists smashed the locks that had protected the biggest library in the northern Iraq city .
Residents say the men smashed the locks that had protected the biggest library in the northern Iraq city .
The men smashed the locks that had protected the library , which is the largest in the Iraqi city of Mosul .
They then loaded about 2,000 books — including children 's stories , poetry and works on sports , health , culture and science — into six pickup trucks .
Then they loaded about 2,000 books into six pickup trucks .
The books included children 's stories and books on sports , health and science .
They left only Islamic texts .
Only Islamic texts were left behind .
So they will be burned , " a bearded militant in traditional Afghani two-piece clothing told residents , according to one man living nearby who spoke to The Associated Press .
So they will be burned , " a bearded Islamic State official told residents , according to one man living nearby .
So they will be burned , " a bearded Islamic State official declared , according to a witness .
Since the Islamic State group seized one-third of Iraq and neighboring Syria , they have sought to purge society of everything that does n't conform to their violent interpretation of Islam .
The Islamic State group , also known as ISIS or ISIL , has been fighting government forces in both Iraq and neighboring Syria , and so far has managed to take over one-third of both countries .
The Islamic State group , also known as ISIS or ISIL , has been fighting government forces in both Iraq and neighboring Syria .
The Islamic State group has been fighting government forces in both Iraq and neighboring Syria .
They already have destroyed many archaeological relics , deeming them pagan , and even Islamic sites considered idolatrous .
Increasingly books are in the firing line .
In the chaos that followed the U.S.-led invasion of 2003 that toppled Saddam Hussein , residents near the Central Library hid some of its centuries-old manuscripts in their own homes to prevent their theft or destruction by looters .
But this time , the Islamic State group has made the penalty for such actions death .
Presumed destroyed are the Central Library 's collection of Iraqi newspapers dating to the early 20th century , maps and books from the Ottoman Empire and book collections contributed by around 100 of Mosul 's establishment families .
Days after the Central Library 's ransacking , militants broke into University of Mosul 's library .
Days after the Central Library 's ransacking , Islamic State members broke into the University of Mosul 's library .
They made a bonfire out of hundreds of books on science and culture , destroying them in front of students .
They lit a bonfire using hundreds of books on science and culture , destroying them in front of students .
They gathered up hundreds of books and burned them in front of horrified students .
A University of Mosul history professor , who spoke on condition he not be named because of his fear of the Islamic State group , said the extremists started wrecking the collections of other public libraries last month .
A University of Mosul history professor , who spoke on condition he not be named because of his fear of the Islamic State group , said the extremists started wrecking the collections of other libraries last month .
A University of Mosul history professor said the extremists started wrecking the collections of other libraries last month .
A University of Mosul history professor said that Islamic State members had started attacking libraries last month .
He reported particularly heavy damage to the archives of a Sunni Muslim library , the library of the 265-year-old Latin Church and Monastery of the Dominican Fathers and the Mosul Museum Library with works dating back to 5000 BC .
He reported particularly heavy damage to three libraries : a Sunni Muslim library , the library of the 265-year-old Latin Church and Monastery of the Dominican Fathers , and the Mosul Museum Library with works dating back to 5000 BC .
The professor said Islamic State group militants appeared determined to " change the face of this city ... by erasing its iconic buildings and history . "
An Iraqi lawmaker , Hakim al-Zamili , said the Islamic State group " considers culture , civilization and science as their fierce enemies . "
Al-Zamili , who leads the parliament 's Security and Defense Committee , compared the Islamic State group to raiding medieval Mongols , who in 1258 ransacked Baghdad .
Al-Zamili , who leads Iraq 's Security and Defense Committee , compared the Islamic State group to raiding medieval Mongols , who in 1258 ransacked Baghdad .
Al-Zamili compared the Islamic State group to the raiding Mongols who in 1258 ransacked Baghdad .
Libraries ' ancient collections of works on history , medicine and astronomy were dumped into the Tigris River , purportedly turning the waters black from running ink .
Back then , libraries ' ancient collections of works on history , medicine and astronomy were dumped into the Tigris River by the Mongols .
Back then , ancient collections of works on history , medicine and astronomy were dumped into the Tigris River by the Mongols .
" The only difference is that the Mongols threw the books in the Tigris River , while now Daesh is burning them , " he said , using an Arabic acronym for the Islamic State group .
" The only difference is that the Mongols threw the books in the Tigris River , while now " the Islamic State group " is burning them , " he said .
" The only difference is that the Mongols threw the books in the Tigris River , " while the Islamic State group " is burning them , " al-Zamili said .
The 304-page book will be Lee 's second , and the first new work in more than 50 years .
The publisher plans a first printing of 2 million copies .
The publisher is planning a first printing of 2 million copies .
The publisher is planning to print 2 million copies to start .
" In the mid-1950s , I completed a novel called ' Go Set a Watchman , " ' the 88-year-old Lee said in a statement issued by Harper .
" In the mid-1950s , I completed a novel called ' Go Set a Watchman , " ' Lee , 88 , said in a statement released by publisher HarperCollins .
" In the mid-1950s , I completed a novel called ' Go Set a Watchman , " ' said Lee , 88 .
" In the mid-1950s , I completed a novel called ' Go Set a Watchman , " ' said Lee , who is 88 .
I had n't realized it ( the original book ) had survived , so was surprised and delighted when my dear friend and lawyer Tonja Carter discovered it .
The deal was negotiated between Carter and the head of Harper 's parent company , Michael Morrison of HarperCollins Publishers .
The new book is set in Lee 's famed Maycomb , Alabama , during the mid-1950s , 20 years after " To Kill a Mockingbird " and roughly contemporaneous with the time that Lee was writing the story .
While " To Kill a Mockingbird " is set in the 1930s , " Watchman " is set in the mid-1950s , roughly the same time as when Lee was writing the story .
While " To Kill a Mockingbird " is set in the 1930s , " Watchman " is set in the mid-1950s , roughly the same time that Lee was writing the story .
The civil rights movement was taking hold by the time she was working on " Watchman . "
The Supreme Court had ruled unanimously in 1953 that segregated schools were unconstitutional , and the arrest of Rosa Parks in 1955 led to the yearlong Montgomery bus boycott .
The Supreme Court ruled unanimously in 1953 that segregated schools — schools separated by race — were unconstitutional .
In 1953 , the Supreme Court ruled that segregated schools — schools separated by race — were unconstitutional .
In 1953 , the Supreme Court ruled that schools could not separate black students and white students .
The arrest of Rosa Parks in 1955 led to the yearlong Montgomery bus boycott .
Rosa Parks was arrested in 1955 , leading to the yearlong Montgomery bus boycott in which people avoided riding the bus in protest .
Rosa Parks was arrested in 1955 for refusing to give up her bus seat to a white passenger .
That led to the Montgomery bus boycott during which people avoided riding the bus in protest .
" Scout ( Jean Louise Finch ) has returned to Maycomb from New York to visit her father , Atticus , " the publisher 's announcement reads .
Lee herself is a Monroeville , Alabama , native who lived in New York in the 1950s .
Harper Lee herself is from Monroeville , Alabama , but lived in New York in the 1950s .
According to the publisher , the book will be released as she first wrote it , with no revisions .
" To Kill a Mockingbird " is among the most beloved novels in history , with worldwide sales topping 40 million copies .
" To Kill a Mockingbird " is among the most beloved novels in history .
It was released on July 11 , 1960 , won the Pulitzer Prize and was adapted into a 1962 movie of the same name , starring Gregory Peck in an Oscar-winning performance as the courageous attorney Atticus Finch .
It was released on July 11 , 1960 , won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and was adapted into a 1962 movie of the same name , starring Gregory Peck in an Oscar-winning performance as the courageous attorney Atticus Finch .
Although occasionally banned over the years because of its language and racial themes , the novel has become a standard for reading clubs and middle schools and high schools .
The book has been occasionally banned over the years because of its language and racial themes .
The absence of a second book from Lee only seemed to enhance the appeal of " Mockingbird . "
The fact that " To Kill a Mockingbird " was Harper Lee 's only book only seemed to enhance its appeal .
She has rarely spoken to the media since the 1960s , when she told one reporter that she wanted to " to leave some record of small-town , middle-class Southern life . "
She has rarely spoken to the media since the 1960s .
At the time , she told one reporter she wanted " to leave some record of small-town , middle-class Southern life . "
" The existence of ' Go Set a Watchman ' was unknown until recently , and its discovery is an extraordinary gift to the many readers and fans of ' To Kill a Mockingbird . '
The new book also will be available in an electronic edition .
The new book also will be available as an electronic edition .
The new book also will be available as an e-book .
The new novel also will be available as an e-book .
Lee has openly stated her preference for paper , but surprised fans last year by agreeing to allow " Mockingbird " to be released as an e-book .
Lee has openly expressed her preference for paper , but surprised fans last year by agreeing to allow " Mockingbird " to be released as an e-book .
Still , she surprised fans last year by agreeing to allow " Mockingbird " to be released as an e-book .
Still , she surprised fans by allowing " To Kill a Mockingbird " to be released as an e-book .
PARIS — The French government launched a new effort Thursday to heal social and religious fractures by better teaching children about secular values and steering them away from extremist propaganda , after French-born Islamic radicals shocked the nation in three days of terror attacks .
PARIS — After French-born Islamic radicals shocked the country with three days of terror attacks in January , the French government launched a new effort .
Prime Minister Manuel Valls shocked many this week by referring to a " territorial , social , ethnic apartheid " that especially affects troubled suburbs or " banlieues , " tinderboxes of discontent where values that bind the nation are often absent .
Prime Minister Manuel Valls shocked many by referring to a " territorial , social , ethnic " divide that especially affects the " banlieues , " the troubled suburbs where some of France 's poorest people live .
They house France 's poorest , especially minorities with immigrant roots , including many Muslims from former French colonies .
Valls convened a special government meeting Thursday to tackle this societal divide .
Valls held a special government meeting to tackle this divide in society .
The proposals that emerged focus on schools , which Valls calls an " essential link " in transmitting French values of tolerance and freedoms .
The proposals that emerged focus on schools , which Valls calls an " essential link " in transmitting French values of tolerance and freedom .
Concern about schools jumped to the forefront of national debate after some children refused to observe a minute of silence for victims of the Jan .
7-9 attacks on a kosher market and the satirical paper Charlie Hebdo .
In suburbs northeast of Paris on Thursday , many could understand why some children did n't observe the moment of silence , even if they denounced the terror attacks .
Many in the suburbs of Paris understood why some children did not observe the moment of silence , even if they condemn the terror attacks .
" People were killed in the housing projects by police , and there was no minute of silence " for them , said Aly Sacko , a 28-year-old working with city hall in Clichy-sous-Bois .
" People were killed in the housing projects by police , and there was no minute of silence " for them , said Aly Sacko , a 28-year-old working in Clichy-sous-Bois .
Two teenagers from immigrant backgrounds were killed in a power substation in Clichy-sous-Bois in 2005 while fleeing police , sparking weeks of riots in suburbs across the country .
Two teenagers from immigrant backgrounds were killed in Clichy-sous-Bois in 2005 while fleeing police , after they hid in a train station and were electrocuted .
Similar incidents have prompted smaller riots in other cities in the decade since .
Sacko , a French-born Muslim of Malian origin , said the prime minister 's plans to fix poverty and social tensions are a " dream . "
Specific funds to help the poorest families with some schooling costs will increase by 20 percent , to 45 million euros ( $ 52 million ) , she said .
Another idea is to teach children how to better navigate modern media , for example to distinguish between extremist propaganda and verified information .
Every secondary school will be requested to develop its own radio , newspaper , or blog .
Schools will be requested to develop their own radio stations , newspapers , or blogs .
Grade schools will be requested to develop their own radio , newspaper or blog .
Grade schools will be asked to start their own radio stations and newspapers .
And they are not France 's first effort to tackle troubles in the suburbs .
The ideas are not France 's first effort to tackle troubles in the suburbs .
Unrest first broke out in 1990 .
Soaring unemployment , a high crime rate and even lack of access to public transport fed a deep sense of inequality .
The situation in the suburban housing projects defies France 's model for integration — assimilation by which all colors , races and creeds blend into a single people .
The model assumes that all colors , races and creeds will blend into a single people .
It 's illegal to count people in France by ethnic or religious background , and diverse populations are expected to blend in — not live in ethnic enclaves .
It is illegal to count people in France by ethnic or religious background , and diverse populations are expected to blend in — not live separately with just their own race .
Yet it is French officialdom that pushed newcomers into suburban projects , where today dozens of nationalities mostly cling to their roots .
When he was president , Nicolas Sarkozy made fixing the suburbs a priority .
It included $ 728 million to create new trains and tramways , an expansion of " second-chance schools " for dropouts , and professional guidance for thousands of youths wanting to start a company or get on a job track .
It also included more police .
There is no clear record of how assiduously it was enacted .
There is no clear record of how well the plan worked .
The housing project that was home to Amedy Coulibaly , one of the Paris gunmen this month , remains a different universe from the gilded governmental palaces of the capital , just a few miles away .
It remains a different universe from the government palaces of the capital , just a few miles away .
Even police enter with caution to a zone where drug dealers and teenage thugs hold sway .
Some doctors and postal workers refuse to venture inside , and even police enter with caution to a zone where drug dealers and teenage thugs hold sway .
Some improvements are visible in suburbs that received attention after the 2005 riots .
In what was once one of the toughest projects in the Paris region , known as Les Bosquets ( The Groves ) in the town of Montfermeil northeast of Paris , high-rises and long buildings scarred with graffiti have been demolished , and replaced with human-sized town houses .
One of the toughest projects in the Paris region , has seen its high-rises scarred with graffiti demolished , and replaced with scaled-down townhouses .
One of the toughest projects in the Paris region was demolished , getting rid of its huge apartment buildings that were scarred with graffiti .
The huge apartment buildings in one of the toughest projects in the Paris region have been torn down and nice townhouses built in their place .
Samir Ouahfi , a 29-year-old father of three working in a cafe in Les Bosquets , had little hope that the current government would do better than its predecessors .
Samir Ouahfi , a 29-year-old father of three working in a cafe in one suburb , had little hope that the current government would do better than past ones .
Samir Ouahfi works in a cafe in Les Bosquets .
Samir Ouahfi works in a cafe in one of the suburbs .
The 29-year-old had little hope that the current government would do better than the one before .
But here on the gray concrete of the projects , he added , " there is n't any . "
LOS ANGELES — State workers performed a California winter ritual last week , poking hollow aluminum tubes into Sierra Nevada meadows to measure the snowpack .
LOS ANGELES — On Thursday , California workers poked hollow aluminum tubes into meadows of the Sierra Nevada mountain range to measure the snowpack .
LOS ANGELES — On Thursday , California workers poked hollow aluminum tubes into Sierra Nevada meadows to measure the snowpack .
LOS ANGELES — On Thursday , California workers poked hollow tubes into Sierra Nevada meadows to measure the amount of snow .
" We will conceivably see more years like this in the future , " said geologist Jeffrey Mount , a senior fellow at the Public Policy Institute of California .
As the climate warms in coming decades , scientists say , the state 's mountain snowpack could shrink by a third .
As the climate warms in coming decades , scientists say , the state 's mountain snowpack — the layers of snow built up over time — could shrink by a third .
Scientists say the state 's mountain snowpack could shrink as a result .
Scientists say the state 's snowpack could shrink as a result .
By the end of the century , more than half of what functions as a huge natural reservoir could disappear .
By the end of the century , more than half of the state 's snowpack , and a huge source of fresh water , could disappear .
By the end of the century , more than half of the snowpack could disappear .
By the end of the century , scientists think more than half of the snowpack could disappear .
But that does n't mean nature will provide less water to the Golden State : The latest climate models suggest the overall amount of precipitation wo n't change much and may even increase across much of California .
But that does n't mean nature will provide less water to the Golden State .
Rather , more of it will fall as rain and less as snow , altering the timing of important mountain runoff that fills reservoirs and forcing changes in the way the state manages one of the world 's most complex water systems .
On Thursday , the snowpack was a paltry 25 percent of average for this time of year .
On Thursday , the snowpack was just 25 percent of average for this time of year .
On Thursday , the snowpack was just 25 percent of the average for this time of year .
But the snowpack is also skimpy because warm storms that hit the state in December dumped copious amounts of rain , not snow .
But the snowpack is also skimpy because warm storms that hit the state in December dumped heavy amounts of rain , not snow .
A dry January is partly to blame , and the storms that hit the state in December dumped heavy amounts of rain , not snow .
A dry January is partly to blame .
On average , the peak California snowpack holds the equivalent of 15 million acre-feet of water — enough to fill Shasta Lake , the state 's largest reservoir , more than three times .
On average , the peak California snowpack is equal to about 15 million acre-feet of water .
At its peak , the California snowpack holds about 15 million acre-feet of water .
At its peak , California snowpack holds about 15 million acre-feet of water — enough water to fill Shasta Lake more than three times .
That is enough to fill Shasta Lake , the state 's largest reservoir , more than three times .
It melts gradually over the course of months , trickling down mountainsides into rivers and swelling reservoirs in the spring and early summer just as the seasonal demand for irrigation and urban deliveries goes up .
The snow melts gradually over several months , trickling down mountainsides into rivers and swelling reservoirs in the spring and early summer .
The snow melts gradually over several months , trickling down mountains into rivers and reservoirs in the spring and early summer .
Normally , the snow melts gradually over several months .
It trickles down mountains into rivers and water reservoirs in the spring and early summer .
Rain , on the other hand , " has to be dealt with immediately .
You ca n't wait , " said Kelly Redmond , deputy director of the Western Regional Climate Center in Reno .
You ca n't wait , " said Kelly Redmond , deputy director of the Western Regional Climate Center in Nevada .
You ca n't wait , " said Kelly Redmond , with the Western Regional Climate Center in Nevada .
Dealing with the rain was not a problem in December , when storms powered by giant ribbons of water vapor called atmospheric rivers drenched California with 180 percent of average precipitation for the month .
Dealing with the rain was not a problem in December , when storms drenched California with 180 percent of average precipitation for the month .
Three years of severe drought meant that big reservoirs had plenty of room to swallow the surge of runoff .
Three years of severe drought meant that big reservoirs had plenty of room to absorb the surge of rainwater .
Because there had been three years of severe drought in the state , the reservoirs had plenty of room to absorb the water .
California has suffered three years of severe drought , so the big reservoirs had plenty of room for the rainwater .
With climate change , " there could be more water coming off in the winter period than the present system is equipped to handle , " said Dan Cayan , a climate scientist at Scripps Institution of Oceanography .
Due to climate change , though , there could soon be more rain in winter than California 's water system could handle , said Dan Cayan , a climate scientist at Scripps Institution of Oceanography .
In the future , there could be more rain in winter than California 's water system could handle , said Dan Cayan , a climate scientist at Scripps Institution of Oceanography .
He added that a 1-degree Fahrenheit temperature rise since the 1950s already has cost California and the West 5 percent to 10 percent of the spring snowpack .
Cayan added that the 1-degree Fahrenheit temperature rise since the 1950s already has reduced 5 percent to 10 percent of the spring snowpack in California and the West .
Adapting to more winter runoff could literally require an act of Congress .
Dams are operated according to a fairly rigid set of rules developed for each reservoir by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and written into federal law .
Dams are operated according to a set of rules developed for each reservoir by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and written into federal law .
The state Department of Water Resources and the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation , the two agencies that operate most of California 's large dams , are in the early stages of studying possible rules changes to accommodate shifts in hydrology expected with a warming climate .
If an atmospheric river was headed for the Sierra , for instance , managers could adjust the reservoir levels to make sure they captured the increased runoff .
If heavy rains were headed for the Sierra , for instance , reservoir levels could be adjusted to catch the increased runoff .
If heavy rains were headed for the Sierra , for instance , water could be released from the reservoirs to make room .
If heavy rains were headed for the Sierra , for instance , water levels in reservoirs could be lowered to make room for them .
Filling up reservoirs in the winter may lead to flooding downstream during spring storms .
Yet , filling up reservoirs in the winter may cause flooding during spring storms .
Yet , filling up reservoirs in the winter may lead to flooding during spring storms .
" Who wants to be the responsible person for not having that flood space in the reservoir ? " asked Iris Stewart-Frey , a Santa Clara University associate professor of environmental studies who has studied shifts in the timing of snowmelt .
" Who wants to be the responsible person for not having that flood space in the reservoir ? " asked Iris Stewart-Frey , a professor of environmental studies at Santa Clara University , who has studied shifts in the timing of the snowmelt .
Many experts say an obvious solution is to build more storage .
Many experts say an obvious solution is to build more water storage .
But should California build new surface reservoirs or increase groundwater storage , or both ?
" But if it 's managed well , it should not be a catastrophe . "
FRESNO , Calif . — Laton High School is neither large nor affluent .
FRESNO , Calif . — Laton High School is neither large nor rich .
FRESNO , Calif . — Laton High School is n't large or wealthy .
FRESNO , Calif . — Laton High School is not rich or large .
It has 175 students , about half are English learners and nearly three-quarters are low income .
About half are English learners and nearly three-quarters are low income .
About half are English learners .
Nearly 100 percent of the students — 165 of the 175 enrolled — have joined Future Farmers of America ( FFA ) , the venerable agriculture and leadership organization .
Nearly 100 percent of the students — 165 of the 175 enrolled — have joined Future Farmers of America ( FFA ) , the well-regarded agriculture and leadership organization .
The students compete against schools five times their size and still come home with first-place ribbons and trophies .
Dewey , who is in her first year at Laton High , is one of three agriculture teachers at the school and part of the change happening to make agriculture the focus of the school 's curriculum .
She is part of the change happening to make agriculture the focus of the school 's curriculum , or class selection .
Already , Laton has replaced its traditional science classes with ag science and has encouraged participation in FFA .
Already , Laton has replaced its regular science classes with farm science and has encouraged participation in FFA .
Laton has replaced regular science classes with farm science .
Larry Audet , Laton Unified School District superintendent , acknowledges that a few parents did not want their children involved in FFA because it is often perceived as just raising farm animals .
Larry Audet , Laton Unified School District superintendent , acknowledges that a few parents did not want their children involved in FFA .
Larry Audet is Laton Unified School District superintendent .
He acknowledges that a few parents did not want their children involved in FFA because it is often viewed as just raising farm animals .
Audet estimates that the high school is about three to four years away from an entire ag-based curriculum , but early indications are that the students have embraced the concept .
FFA participation is among the highest of any school in the Valley , and the ag science classes provide much more hands-on learning .
They happily feed the pigs , beef cows and any other animals that are being raised .
Twins Julisa and Melisa Velarde are seniors and managers of the campus farm who happily feed the pigs , beef cows and any other animals that are being raised .
Twins Julisa and Melisa Velarde are seniors and managers of the school farm .
Twins Julisa and Melisa Velarde are seniors and run the school 's farm .
The work may be tough and sometimes messy , they say , but it 's something they enjoy .
The work may be tough and sometimes messy , they say , but it is something they enjoy .
Jesus Garcia , a junior , said he began taking an ag mechanics class and joined the farm power team because of ag teacher Johnny Lopes .
Freshman Isabel Garcia , who describes herself as shy , said the FFA 's public speaking team pushed her beyond her comfort zone .
Freshman Isabel Garcia said the FFA 's public speaking team pushed her beyond her comfort zone .
Isabel Garcia is a freshman .
Along with teaching skills , students say FFA has also provided them with a sense of belonging .
The competitive teams spend lots of time together , practicing and at competitions .
The students on the competitive teams spend lots of time together , practicing and at competitions .
" It becomes like part of your family , " said Shad Menezes , a sophomore .
The students say that as part of being on an FFA team , they have also been given the chance to travel and visit college campuses .
The students say they have also been given the chance to travel and visit college campuses .
The students have also been given the chance to travel and visit colleges .
" Some of our kids would n't be able to travel outside of Laton if it were n't for us , " Dewey said .
Not only is Dewey their teacher , she 's also occasionally their ride home or the source of a meal .
Not only is Dewey their teacher , she is also occasionally their ride home or the source of a meal .
Not only is Dewey their teacher , she occasionally gives them rides home or a meal .
Although she was a natural , she was competing against 130 other FFA students from much bigger schools who had competed before .
No longer do other schools snicker at Laton High since they have become a force to be reckoned with .
Tiny high school is a force to be reckoned with on FFA field
One chilly evening not long ago , a panel of police officers met with citizens gathered here at City Hall to offer advice on a subject that has come up in almost every city in America : What happens when a young African-American man is stopped by the police ?
Residents say they want to keep it that way .
" We know what happened nationally could happen right here , " he said .
" We know what happened nationally could happen right here , " said Jones , who is African-American .
The shooting death of unarmed 18-year-old Michael Brown by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri , in August prompted cities and towns across America to re-evaluate the way police deal with African-Americans — especially young men .
In August , unarmed 18-year-old Michael Brown was killed by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri .
Brown 's death prompted cities and towns across America to re-evaluate the way police deal with African-Americans — especially young black men .
Brown 's death led cities and towns across America to take a close look at the way police treat African-Americans — especially young men .
After the Ferguson teen 's death , towns and cities across America took a close look at how police treat black people .
Though this city of 57,000 people has avoided a deadly , high-profile police encounter , a few young black men have been profiled or harassed by police , said the Rev. Andre Knight , chapter president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in Rocky Mount .
Though Rocky Mount , which has 57,000 people , has not experienced a similar situation , a few young black men have been profiled or harassed by police , said the Reverend Andre Knight .
Although nothing like that has happened in Rocky Mount , a few young black men have been profiled or harassed by police , said the Reverend Andre Knight .
However , a few young black men have been profiled or bothered by police , said the Reverend Andre Knight .
He said he approached Rocky Mount Police Chief James Moore , who told him he had been discussing the same concerns .
Some people may fear the police , he said , " but in some cases , the police are as fearful as the citizens . "
At the City Hall meeting , Khristian Roberson , 18 , listened intently as several police officers — most of them black — answered questions .
At the City Hall meeting , Khristian Roberson , 18 , listened intently as several police officers answered questions .
Roberson , who is black , said he thought about the Ferguson incident when he was stopped by a police officer one night last month for allegedly running a red light .
Roberson , who is black , said he thought about Ferguson when he was stopped by a police officer one night last month for allegedly running a red light .
Roberson , who is also black , said he thought about Ferguson when he was stopped last month by a police officer .
Roberson , who is black , said he was stopped last month by a police officer who said he drove through a red light .
I was n't rude — I did n't want to antagonize him , " Roberson said .
I was n't rude , " Roberson said .
He said his parents had often given him " the talk " — the careful instructions on dealing with police , delivered by worried African-American parents nationwide .
He said his parents had often given him " the talk " — the careful instructions on dealing with police , which have been delivered by worried African-American parents nationwide .
Roberson said he granted the officer , who is also black , permission to search his car .
Roberson said he gave permission to the officer , who was also black , to search his car , and was then let go without a traffic ticket .
Roberson said he let the officer , who was also black , search his car and was let go without a ticket .
Roberson said he let the officer , who was also black , search his car , and he was let go without a ticket .
" But my mom thought I might have been profiled . "
" I thought I was treated OK , " he said , " but my mom thought I might have been profiled . "
" I thought I was treated OK , " Roberson said , although his mother thought he may have been stopped because he was black .
After listening to the police presentation , Roberson said it helped refresh his memory of how to behave when stopped by police .
After listening to the police presentation , Roberson said it helped refresh his memory about how to behave when stopped by police .
Roberson said the police presentation was a good reminder about how to act if stopped by police .
Roberson said the police at the meeting helped remind him how to act during a police stop .
Ormani Muckle , 17 , who attended the meeting with Roberson , added , " It was good to hear the police position straight from them . "
What 's a " threatening motion " ?
Can you videotape an encounter with police ?
Should you tell the police if you have a weapon ?
What have police learned from the deaths in Ferguson and New York ?
The officers answered elliptically , choosing their words carefully : Yes , you can videotape the police .
No , police are n't permitted to profile citizens .
No , police are not allowed to profile citizens .
A " threatening motion " is any sudden movement , especially in the dark .
As for the Ferguson and New York question , police Lt. Henry King responded , " To have programs like this and partner with the community . "
Someone asked whether police were permitted to draw a weapon on an unarmed suspect .
King said officers may use deadly force if physically threatened by a suspect who is bigger and stronger , or who tries to disarm the officer .
King said officers may use deadly force if physically threatened by a suspect who is bigger and stronger , or by someone who tries to disarm the officer .
" Remember , police officers do not have to absorb a severe beating in the line of duty , " King said .
To close the event , the chief looked out at the crowd and slowly recited : " The police are the public , and the public are the police . "
To close the event , the chief looked out at the crowd and slowly said , " The police are the public , and the public are the police . "
Disowned, under threat, Iraqi musician seeks new life in U.S.
Once in the United States , he reveled in the ability to walk down a street without raising the suspicions of gunmen , his oud , a lute-like Middle Eastern instrument , slung across his back .
Once in the United States , he was free to walk down the street with his oud , a guitar-like Middle Eastern instrument , slung across his back .
In the United States , Abdullateef was free to walk down the street with his oud slung over his shoulder .
The processing pipeline for asylum requests from people who fear for their lives if they return to their homelands has grown clogged from the worsening conflicts of the Middle East .
The processing pipeline for asylum requests has grown clogged , immigration attorneys say .
Abdulateef 's case might seem like a no-brainer : Is n't the goal of the asylum program to give sanctuary to foreigners who face grave threats for political , religious or artistic expression ?
The goal of the asylum program is to provide sanctuary — a safe place — for foreigners who face serious threats in their home countries for political , religious or artistic expression .
Plus , he 'd already gone through extensive security checks before he received a U.S. visa in the first place .
He had already gone through comprehensive security checks before he received a visa to visit the United States in the first place , and his fluency in English is another advantage .
But Washington immigration attorney David Garfield , who took Abdulateef 's case pro bono , said a compelling story and grave peril did n't make approval a slam-dunk .
Washington immigration attorney David Garfield , who took Abdulateef 's case pro bono — working for free — said a compelling story and serious threats are n't enough for a quick decision .
Other Iraqis Garfield represents include female doctors fleeing kidnapping threats , a man who faces persecution for apostasy because he comes from a Muslim family that converted to Christianity , and a man who helped U.S. forces sort through evidence against members of Saddam Hussein 's Baath Party .
Garfield is representing other Iraqis with similarly strong cases : female doctors fleeing kidnapping threats , a man who is being threatened for converting to Christianity , and a man who helped U.S. forces sort through evidence against members of the government of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein .
Garfield is representing other Iraqis who also have strong cases : female doctors fleeing kidnapping threats , a man who is being threatened for converting to Christianity , and a man who helped U.S. forces sort through evidence against members of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein 's government .
Garfield is representing other Iraqis who also have strong cases .
Their cases have languished for nearly a year , their lives unsettled as they await the news that could change their futures .
Their cases have dragged on for nearly a year , and these Iraqis ' lives remain unsettled as they await the news that will determine their futures .
Their cases have dragged on for nearly a year .
The cases have dragged on for nearly a year , and the Iraqis do not know what lies in their futures .
According to figures from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services , the subset of the Department of Homeland Security that handles asylum cases , the number of Iraqi asylum requests rose to 1,133 in fiscal year 2014 , most likely the result of Islamic State offensives in that period , up from 788 the previous fiscal year .
Applications for asylum in the United States are handled by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services ( CIS ) , part of the Department of Homeland Security .
And while the number of individual approvals increased , the overall approval rate fell slightly — from 84 to 82 percent — and the number of pending cases at the end of the year doubled .
The most recent figures show that more than 1,300 Iraqi asylum cases remain open .
There are more than 1,300 Iraqi asylum cases still open , according to the most recent figures .
It 's indisputable that Abdulateef , 23 , faces life-threatening dangers if he returns to Iraq , where militiamen have a well-documented penchant for silencing musicians and other artists whose work they deem forbidden under Islamic law .
It 's clear that Abdulateef , 23 , faces life-threatening dangers if he returns to Iraq , where radical militiamen have a history of silencing musicians and other artists .
His trip to the United States may even have made things worse .
He delighted American musicians by playing Metallica on his oud , and they introduced him to the mandolin and the Appalachian dulcimer .
But the cultural exchange that brought him to the United States was sponsored mostly by the State Department , linking him to the U.S. government in the eyes of extremists .
Also , the cultural exchange that brought him to the United States was sponsored mostly by the State Department , linking him to the U.S. government in the eyes of Iraqi extremists .
He learned of the asylum route through conversations with American friends who steered him to Garfield , the immigration attorney , who is also handling the asylum case of an Iraqi reporter who worked in McClatchy 's Baghdad bureau .
Abdulateef said he did not come to the United States with the idea of applying for asylum and only learned of it through conversations with American friends who steered him to Garfield , the immigration attorney .
Abdulateef said he did not come to the United States with the idea of applying for asylum .
He learned of the asylum process from American friends , who steered him to Garfield , the immigration lawyer .
He learned of the asylum process from American friends , who steered him to Garfield , the immigration attorney .
The affidavit Abdulateef submitted through his attorney is both singular in his experiences and emblematic of the dashed dreams of many Iraqis who hope to live in a country where basic freedoms are protected .
His experiences are unique , but they also echo the dashed dreams of many Iraqis who hope to live in a country where basic freedoms are protected .
His experiences are unique , but they also echo the faded hopes of many Iraqis who want to live in a country where basic freedoms are protected .
While his experiences are unique , they also echo the faded hopes of many Iraqis who dream of living in a country where basic freedoms are protected .
He said he hoped the asylum officers who eventually consider his case would agree that he could do more to advance Iraqi musicianship outside the country , at least for now .
" All I want is to be safe from fear and be able to continue my musical career , which incorporates the concepts of collectivity , collaboration , cross-cultural understanding and tolerance , " Abdulateef 's affidavit says .
Five children at a KinderCare Learning Center in suburban Chicago have been diagnosed with measles , Illinois and Cook County health officials announced Thursday .
Five babies at a day care center near Chicago have been diagnosed with the measles , health officials announced Thursday .
Five babies at a day care center near Chicago have come down with the measles .
Five babies near Chicago get measles, a disease that can be dangerous
Public health officials are investigating the cluster of measles cases at the center in northwest suburban Palatine , Illinois , according to a statement .
Two of the cases have been confirmed with laboratory testing while the other three diagnoses are pending test results , according to a joint statement from health officials .
All five children are under the age of 1 .
All five babies are under the age of 1 and are too young to be vaccinated .
All five children are under the age of 1 and are too young to be vaccinated .
All five babies are under the age of 1 .
The announcement comes about a week after Cook County officials announced the state 's first confirmed case this year of the respiratory disease , traced to a suburban Cook County resident who officials would only identify as being older than 18 .
The announcement comes about a week after the state 's first case of measles of the year was confirmed .
The outbreak at the day care center comes about a week after Illinois confirmed its first case of the measles this year .
About a week ago , Illinois discovered its first case of the measles this year .
At the time , officials listed three locations where others might have been exposed to the patient in mid January — including two in Palatine .
Cook County officials say it 's not clear if the adult 's diagnosis is linked to the children at the day care or to the outbreak associated with Disneyland , which has grown to more than 100 cases , many of them in California .
Cook County officials say it 's not clear if the adult measles case is linked to the children at the day care center or to the outbreak at Disneyland .
Health officials say it is not clear if the babies got measles from the adult with measles .
Health officials do not know if the five babies got the measles from the person .
Cook County officials say any resident who is unvaccinated and experiences measles symptoms of a high fever and rash should call their local health department and their doctor .
Measles is a highly contagious respiratory disease that can cause severe health complications , including pneumonia , encephalitis and death .
Measles is a highly contagious respiratory disease that can cause severe health problems , including pneumonia , brain swelling and death .
It 's transmitted by contact with an infected person through coughing or sneezing and can remain in the air and on surfaces for up to two hours .
It 's spread by contact with an infected person through coughing or sneezing and can remain in the air and on surfaces for up to two hours .
It is spread through coughing and sneezing and can remain in the air and on surfaces for up to two hours .
It is spread through coughing and sneezing , and can remain in the air and on surfaces for up to two hours .
Infected people are contagious from four days before their rash starts through four days afterward , according to state and county health officials .
Infected people are contagious from four days before their rash starts through four days afterward .
Symptoms include a high fever and rash , and infected people are contagious from four days before the rash starts through four days afterward .
People with measles are contagious , meaning they can spread the disease , from four days before the rash starts to four days afterward .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , American Academy of Pediatrics and American Academy of Family Physicians all recommend that children get their first dose of the MMR ( measles-mumps-rubella ) vaccine at 12 to 15 months old and a second shot at 4 to 6 years old , before starting kindergarten .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , American Academy of Pediatrics and American Academy of Family Physicians all recommend that children get their first dose of the MMR vaccine at 12 to 15 months old .
Medical groups say that children should get their first dose of the MMR vaccine at 12 to 15 months old .
Doctors groups say children should get their first MMR vaccine at 12 to 15 months old .
Despite a national MMR vaccination coverage level of 92 percent , one child in 12 in the United States is not receiving the first dose of MMR vaccine on time , underscoring considerable measles susceptibility across the country , according to the CDC .
Despite this , one child in 12 in the United States is not receiving the first dose of MMR vaccine on time .
Despite this , one child in 12 in the United States does not get the first dose of MMR on time .
Still , one child in 12 does not get the first dose of MMR vaccine on time .
Unvaccinated children are among the most vulnerable to measles , which is among the most contagious of all diseases , Wheeler said .
Unvaccinated children are among the most likely to get the measles , said Dr. Wendell Wheeler of Ingalls Memorial Hospital in Harvey , Illinois .
Unvaccinated children are among the most likely to get the measles , said Dr. Wendell Wheeler of Ingalls Memorial Hospital in Illinois .
An unvaccinated child is more likely to catch the measles and spread it to others , said Dr. Wendell Wheeler .
If your child has only the first dose of the measles vaccine , he or she may not be fully protected .
If a child has only the first dose of the measles vaccine , he or she may not be fully protected .
If a child gets only the first dose of the measles vaccine , he or she may not be fully protected .
If a child has only the first dose of the measles vaccine , the child may not be fully protected .
About 5 to 10 percent do not develop an adequate immune response after one dose , which is why a second dose is necessary , said Dr. Tina Tan , an infectious disease specialist at Lurie Children 's Hospital .
" If given at the appropriate interval and age , after two doses of measles vaccine a person is considered protected for life , " she said .
Children who get both measles vaccines at the right age are " considered protected for life , " she said .
Children who get both vaccines at the right age are " considered protected for life , " she said .
Those who are too young to get vaccinated are protected by the majority who are inoculated , called herd immunity .
Those who are too young to get vaccinated are protected by the vast majority of people who are vaccinated .
However , when the vaccination rate drops below 95 percent , a community loses its herd immunity to highly contagious diseases such as measles , Tan explained .
Statewide , the percentage of school children who have complied with measles vaccination rules has remained about 98 percent over the past decade , according to the Illinois State Board of Education , which collects data from public and nonpublic schools .
But that includes both those who got the vaccine and those who officially opted out of vaccinations for religious or medical reasons , according to the agency .
Heather Robinson took her 15-month-old for the MMR shot last month .
Heather Robinson took her 15-month-old daughter for the MMR shot last month .
The child broke out into a rash that covered every inch of her body — " it was even in her ears , " said her mother .
The child broke out into a rash that covered every inch of her body — " it was even in her ears , " said her mother , who lives in Homewood , a suburb of Chicago .
The child broke out into a rash that covered every inch of her body — " it was even in her ears , " said Robinson , who lives south of Chicago .
After , the child broke out into a rash that covered every inch of her body .
I thought it was measles . "
It turned out to be a reaction to the shot .
The rash turned out to be just a reaction to the shot .
" I have friends who do n't vaccinate … they admit that they 're depending on others to be responsible , which is kind of hypocritical . "
WASHINGTON — Alfreida Colvin leads an elementary school that encourages reading every way it can .
WASHINGTON — Texas principal Alfreida Colvin encourages reading every way she can .
So when the United Way called up with an offer to donate a reading nook , books for students to keep , and access to an entertaining reading website , the Fort Worth , Texas , principal jumped at the chance .
So when the United Way offered to donate to her school a reading nook , books for students to keep and a reading website , Colvin jumped at the chance .
The United Way gave the school a reading nook and books for students to keep .
United Way 's new early reading program , Club Connect Adopt-a-School , rolled out nationwide this week after testing in Fort Worth , Miami and New Orleans .
She asked custodians to make a little curtain for a door , and United Way brought in some colorful beanbags and a rocking chair .
Colvin asked janitors to make a little curtain for a door , and United Way brought in some colorful beanbags and a rocking chair .
Colvin asked janitors to make a little curtain for a door on the cubbyhole .
Scholastic , the children 's publisher , contributed books .
Scholastic , the children 's book publisher , contributed books , and someone added a big stuffed lion .
Parents read to children on the days they have lunch at school together .
Parents read to children in the nook on the days they have lunch at school together , and preschoolers use it during an after-school program .
Parents read to children there on the days they have lunch at school together , and preschoolers use it during an after-school program .
O ' Dowd is chief executive and president of Dolphin Entertainment , Dolphin Digital Media and Dolphin Films .
O ' Dowd is chief executive and president of Dolphin Entertainment , and served as the executive producer of Nickelodeon 's teen drama series " Zoey101 . "
The creator of the new United Way program , Bill O ' Dowd , is chief executive and president of Dolphin Entertainment .
The creator of the new United Way program , Bill O ' Dowd , is the head of Dolphin Entertainment .
" What makes this so unique is it 's a partnership between the United Way and the National Association of Elementary School Principals and Scholastic , " O ' Dowd said .
He said the work is part of a trend in philanthropy to try to make sweeping changes in society .
He said the work is part of a trend among charities to try to make sweeping changes in society .
The United Way decided to focus on teen pregnancy , prisons and crime , and high school dropouts .
The United Way decided to focus on stopping teen pregnancy , helping kids avoid a life of crime and prison , and lowering the number of high school dropouts .
It has long been known that high school graduation improves the odds for a better life , O ' Dowd said .
Experts have long said that high school graduation improves the odds for a better life , .
Experts have long said that graduating from high school improves the odds for a better life .
Research shows that reading by third grade is critical for later school success , because that 's when reading instruction ends and the need to read to learn begins , he said .
Research shows that reading by third grade is critical for later school success , because that 's when reading lessons end and the need to read to learn begins , he said .
Research shows that reading by third grade is critical for later school success .
Research shows that the ability to read by third grade is critical for later school success .
Third grade is when children stop learning to read and begin reading to learn , he said .
Third grade is when children stop learning to read and begin reading to learn , O 'Dowd said .
The National Assessment of Educational Progress in 2013 showed that only 32 percent of boys and 38 percent of girls were reading proficiently in fourth grade .
But it 's no secret that many students are behind . In 2013 , a federal report showed that just 32 percent of boys and 38 percent of girls were able to read well in fourth grade .
But it 's no secret that many students are behind .
Still , it is no secret that many students are behind .
O ' Dowd said he traveled to meet principals in many states .
The message he got was that they wanted help to keep children reading after school , on the weekends and during the summer .
The principals told him they wanted help to keep children reading after school , on the weekends and during the summer .
The new program was designed for the nation 's poorest schools — those that receive federal aid for disadvantaged students — to give them books and other resources they do n't otherwise have at home .
It gives the students books and other resources they do n't otherwise have at home .
Parents register their children to use the website , which promotes reading through games and enlisting celebrities to read books .
Parents register their children to use the website , which promotes reading through games and hiring celebrities to read books .
The United Way sends the parents emails about the importance of reading , as well as coupons from corporate partners " to encourage and reward them , " O ' Dowd said .
The website is designed to work on mobile phones , because many families do n't have computers , but just about everyone has a phone , he added .
O ' Dowd said the cost was about $ 10,000 per school .
The Fort Worth donors included Pier One , Basic Energy Services and several foundations and families , said Emily Furney , vice president for community development of United Way of Tarrant County .
" There 's definitely a great need in Tarrant County , and we 'd love to be able to provide these resources for all of our schools , " she said .
The situation became particularly acute in the aftermath of Cyclone Aila in 2009 , which brought storm surges that broke embankments and flooded farmland .
The situation became particularly bad after Cyclone Aila in 2009 , which brought storm surges that broke embankments and flooded farmland .
After 2009 , vegetable crops planted in the ground there yielded only meager returns — if they did n't fail completely .
But for the past three years hundreds of villagers have enjoyed the bounty of so-called vertical gardens — essentially crops grown in a variety of containers in backyards and on the rooftops of their humble homes .
For the past three years , however , hundreds of villagers have managed to grow crops in " vertical gardens . "
For the past three years , however , hundreds of villagers have found a new way to grow crops .
For the past three years , however , hundreds of villagers have found a new way to farm .
Shakuri Rani Debnath , a 30-something resident of Chandipur , says hers generated nearly 200 kilograms of vegetables this summer , including pumpkins , squash , cauliflower , tomatoes , spinach and chili peppers .
Shakuri Rani Debnath , a resident of Chandipur in her 30s , says her vertical gardens generated nearly 440 pounds of fruits and vegetables this summer .
As a delta formed by three of Asia 's largest rivers , Bangladesh is naturally prone to flooding and water-logging .
Bangladesh is located at the delta of three of Asia 's largest rivers , and most of the country is at or below sea level .
The resulting decline in cultivable land is a pressing concern for Bangladesh , one of the world 's most densely populated countries .
The loss of usable land is a pressing concern in Bangladesh , one of the world 's most densely populated countries .
The loss of usable land is a pressing concern .
The loss of usable land is a huge problem .
Bangladesh is one of the world 's most densely populated countries .
( Imagine half the U.S. population living in a space about the size of Iowa . )
There are about 156 million people in Bangladesh , almost half the population of the United States .
Vertical gardens are one simple way that the rural poor can adapt to climate change and increase food supply using scarce resources .
Vertical gardens are a simple way that the poor can increase their food supply .
The hope is that vertical gardens can increase food supply in Bangladesh .
It is why farmers in Bangladesh have started using vertical gardens .
They hope that vertical gardens can increase the country 's food supply .
Working with local nonprofits , WorldFish trained about 200 villagers in four districts in saline-affected areas of southwestern Bangladesh to make vertical gardens .
Working with local nonprofits , WorldFish trained about 200 villagers in four districts in southwestern Bangladesh to make vertical gardens .
Working with local groups , WorldFish trained about 200 villagers in southwestern Bangladesh to make vertical gardens .
WorldFish plans to expand the program to include 5,000 people over the next two years .
Growing the vertical gardens is a relatively straightforward process .
Growing the vertical gardens is relatively straightforward .
Growing a vertical garden is easy .
They put the soil into containers and mix it with fertilizer made of dried water hyacinth , soil , coconut husks and cow manure .
The result is a garden like the one that belongs to Shobitha Debna , a 35-year-old mother in Chandipur .
Shobitha Debna , a 35-year-old mother in Chandipur , has a vertical garden that occupies just a corner of her dirt yard .
Shobitha Debna , a 35-year-old mother in Chandipur , has a vertical garden .
The garden occupies just a corner of Debna 's dirt yard , yet it yields hundreds of kilograms of pumpkins , gourds , green beans , eggplant , red amaranth , beets , carrots , cauliflower , coriander , cabbage , green chili peppers and spinach each season .
Nevertheless , each season it produces hundreds of pounds of pumpkins , gourds , green beans , eggplant , beets , carrots , cauliflower , coriander , cabbage , green chili peppers and spinach .
Nevertheless , each season it produces hundreds of pounds of pumpkins , gourds , green beans , eggplant , red amaranth , beets , carrots , cauliflower , coriander , cabbage , green chili peppers and spinach .
Extra food like this goes a long way for the rural poor in Bangladesh , who eke out a living on a few dollars a day .
Vertical gardens like Debna 's produce a lot of extra food , which goes a long way for the rural poor in Bangladesh , who eke out a living on a few dollars a day .
Finding enough fresh water for her garden can be a challenge , she admits .
LOS ANGELES — This year is shaping up to be a brutal one for the California sea lion — the third year in a row for record numbers of sea lion strandings in the state .
Sick , abandoned pups showed up in alarming numbers on beaches in January .
LOS ANGELES — Sick and abandoned sea lion pups are showing up in alarming numbers on California beaches .
LOS ANGELES — Rescuers are finding a huge number of baby sea lions stranded on California beaches .
LOS ANGELES — Sick baby sea lions are turning up on California beaches .
" Their growth is stunted , " said Shawn Johnson , director of veterinary science at the Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito , California .
He cares for animals at the Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito , California .
But pups are n't the only ones in trouble .
But pups are not the only ones in trouble .
The pups are not the only ones in trouble .
California marine mammal rehabilitation centers last month treated record numbers of sea lions of all ages .
California marine mammal rehabilitation centers in January treated record numbers of sea lions of all ages .
" We 've had 67 strandings of sea lions of all different ages , " said Johnson , whose center would normally see one , maybe two , sea lions in the entire month of January .
In a normal year , his rehabilitation center would see one , maybe two , sea lions in the entire month of January .
In an normal year , his rescue center would see one , maybe two , sea lions in the entire month of January .
Normally , they would see just one or two sea lions in the entire month .
He added , " It 's a real shock to us . "
" It 's a real shock to us , " he added .
" It 's shaping up to be a very , very bad year as far as rehabilitation , " said David Bard , operations director at the Marine Mammal Care Center in the San Pedro community of Los Angeles .
He is the operations director at the Marine Mammal Care Center in the San Pedro community of Los Angeles .
He is with the Marine Mammal Care Center in Los Angeles .
He is with the Marine Mammal Care Center .
There were 75 animals at the center as of the end of January .
At the end of January , there were 75 sea animals at the center .
At the end of January , there were 75 sea lions at the center .
Scientists thought the huge number of strandings in 2013 was an anomaly , Johnson said .
Scientists thought the huge number of strandings in 2013 was a one-time event , Johnson said .
" But then it happened again last year , and now it 's happening again , " he said .
" But then it happened again last year , and now it 's happening again . "
Sausalito 's Marine Mammal Center , which averages 600 animals a year , responded to 1,030 animals , Johnson said .
Sausalito 's Marine Mammal Center in Northern California averages 600 animals a year .
Last year , it responded to 1,030 animals , Johnson said .
There have been 60 UMEs in the U.S. , for various marine mammals , since 1991 .
There have been 60 UMEs declared in the United States for various marine mammals since 1991 .
A cause has been determined in 29 of those cases , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) .
But since 1996 , biotoxins from harmful algae blooms have been to blame in a majority of the UMEs , NOAA says .
But since 1996 , biotoxins from harmful algae blooms — rapidly growing populations of algae — have caused the majority of the UMEs , NOAA said .
California sea lions were exploited in the 19th and early 20th centuries for their hides and blubber and continued to be hunted for sport in some areas later in the 20th century .
California sea lions were killed in the 19th and early 20th centuries for their hides and blubber and continued to be hunted for sport later in the 20th century .
The Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 led to dramatic increases in the populations of marine mammals , Johnson said .
The Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 led to dramatic increases in the populations of sea lions , Johnson said .
The Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 protected sea lions from being hunted .
The Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 protected sea lions .
And the population is now abundant — 300,000 , said NOAA Fisheries spokesman Jim Milbury , with a birth rate of about 50,000 a year .
The environment just may not be able to support a larger sea lion population .
After the 2013 UME , the Marine Mammal Care Center in San Pedro began fund-raising in earnest to expand the facility .
After the 2013 UME , the Marine Mammal Care Center in San Pedro stepped up its fund-raising efforts in order to expand the center .
It now has two new enclosures for the animals .
The survey found that while 51 percent of families earning more than $ 60,000 per year reported having a child in sports , only 30 percent of lower-income families had a child playing school sports .
It found that while 51 percent of families earning more than $ 60,000 per year reported having a child in sports , only 30 percent of low-income families had a child playing school sports .
" Sports is one way that kids can be physically active in an enjoyable way .
The survey , conducted in June , was done by the University of Michigan 's C.S. Mott Children 's Hospital .
Referred to as the National Poll on Children 's Health , it found that 1 in 7 parents whose children were not in sports cited cost as a reason .
The survey found that 1 in 7 parents whose children were not in sports mentioned cost as a reason .
The survey found that the cost of playing sports is keeping many children from participating .
One in 7 parents whose children were not playing sports said cost was a reason .
One in 7 parents whose children were not playing sports said the cost of fees was a reason .
Sports participation among lower-income students decreased by 10 percent compared to the May 2012 poll on the same subject .
Even among parents in higher-income households , nearly 1 in 10 parents said their child had decreased sports participation because of cost – twice as high as reported in 2012 .
Nearly 1 in 10 parents said their child had decreased sports participation because of cost — twice as many as had reported that in 2012 .
Nearly 1 in 10 parents said their child had become less involved in sports because of the cost .
Other factors — playing in community leagues rather than school teams , for example — may also play a role in a family 's decision to participate in school sports , Clark said .
For example , some families choose to have kids play in community leagues rather than school teams .
Can't pay? Can't play. Poor families can't afford to have kids play sports
But overall , the results are troubling .
Schools and parent groups try to help reduce costs for low-income students who demonstrate a desire to play sports , she said .
Schools and parent groups do try to help reduce costs for low-income students who demonstrate a desire to play sports , she said .
Schools and parent groups do try to help reduce costs for low-income students who show an interest in playing sports , Clark said .
Clark said that schools do sometimes lower fees for poorer students who want to play sports .
Yet they may fail to consider students who never bother to try out for a team because they know cost will be an obstacle .
The poll found the average school sports participation fee was $ 126 per child , but some parents — especially when they included costs for equipment and travel — paid more than $ 400 for their children 's participation .
The poll found the average school sports participation fee was $ 126 per child .
However , some parents — especially when costs for equipment and travel were included — paid more than $ 400 for their children 's participation .
However , some parents paid more than $ 400 for their children 's participation , particularly when costs for equipment and travel were included .
Clark , a mother of two boys who played multiple high school sports , knows about the cost first-hand , she said .
Clark is the mother of two boys who played several different high school sports .
Clark is the mother of two boys who played several different high school sports at the same time .
As a result , she knows about the cost of sports participation first-hand .
She knows all about the high cost of school sports .
LOS ANGELES — One of the first things Steve Barnett did when he took the helm at Capitol Records in 2012 was to pull down all the framed and platinum records that had long adorned the lobby of the landmark Capitol Tower offices in Hollywood .
" They were so burdened by the past they could n't think about the future , " said Barnett , 62 , who was president of Columbia Records , the No. 1 record label in the United States , before joining Capitol .
Capitol was so stuck in the past that it could n't think about the future , said Barnett , 62 .
Capitol Records was so stuck in the past that it could not look ahead to the future , Barnett said .
The label group includes Blue Note , Harvest , Virgin , Motown , the Capitol Christian Music Group , Caroline , Astralwerks and Capitol Studios .
A key part of that improvement has been Barnett 's eye toward the future , as Capitol scored two of the biggest breakout artists of the year : British singer-songwriter Sam Smith and Australian boy band 5 Seconds of Summer .
A key part of Capitol 's improvement has been Barnett 's eye toward the future and for developing music acts that can become the next big stars .
In 2014 , Capitol had two of the biggest new artists of the year : British singer-songwriter Sam Smith and the Australian boy band 5 Seconds of Summer .
In 2014 , Capitol hired two of the biggest new artists of the year : singer Sam Smith and the boy band 5 Seconds of Summer .
Smith and another Brit signing to Capitol , synth-pop group Bastille , were nominated for best new artist for the 2015 Grammy Awards .
Smith is among the nomination leaders with six nods for his debut album , including the rare feat for a freshman artist of picking up nods in all four top categories : best record , album , song and new artist .
Smith received six nominations for his debut album , including the rare feat for a freshman artist , being nominated in the top four awards : best record , album , song and new artist .
Smith got six nominations for his debut album , including the rare feat for a new artist , being nominated in the top four awards : best record , album , song and new artist .
Smith got six nominations for his first album , including the rare accomplishment of a new artist being nominated in the top four awards : best record , album , song and new artist .
The company had suffered during the previous decade from the technological shifts — from physical CDs to digital downloads to music streaming services — that other music companies also were grappling with .
Capitol had been hurt by changes in the music business during the last decade .
Capitol had been hurt by changes in the music business in the last decade .
" Move No. 1 , " Grainge said , " was hiring the right CEO to actually execute that . "
The first step was to hire the right leader , said Grainge .
The first step was to hire the right leader , Grainge said .
Early in his career Barnett was a talent manager for AC / DC , Cyndi Lauper and other acts , and most recently spent three years running Columbia , where he presided over runaway successes of British soul singer-songwriter Adele , boy band One Direction and Los Angeles indie-rock group Foster the People among others .
He hired Barnett , who had been a manager for AC / DC , Cyndi Lauper and other musicians .
In his three years running Columbia Records , the label introduced artists including the British soul singer Adele , the boy band One Direction and Los Angeles indie-rock group Foster the People , among others .
When he was running Columbia Records , the label introduced artists including British soul singer Adele , the boy band One Direction and the indie-rock group Foster the People .
When he was running Columbia Records , he worked with artists like the British soul singer Adele , the boy band One Direction and the indie-rock group Foster the People .
He was a big fan of some of their signature acts such as the Beatles , the Beach Boys and the Band .
As a kid growing up in England , Barnett liked some of Capitol 's most famous acts , such as the Beatles , the Beach Boys and the Band .
As a kid growing up in England , Barnett liked some of Capitol 's most famous acts .
The move back to Los Angeles from New York required uprooting nearly 30 employees and their families and moving them 3,000 miles west .
Smith 's album " In the Lonely Hour " ranked third in SoundScan 's overall top 10 sales tally for 2014 , behind only Taylor Swift 's blockbuster " 1989 " album and continued strong sales of Disney 's " Frozen " soundtrack released at the end of 2013 .
" And Steve Barnett in America — as soon as I met him it was a done deal , " Smith said .
Richard Griffiths manages One Direction and 5 Seconds of Summer , and said Barnett 's instincts about both acts ' career prospects in the U.S. persuaded him to align with Columbia for One Direction during Barnett 's watch , and then Capitol for 5 Seconds .
Richard Griffiths , who manages One Direction and 5 Seconds of Summer , says Barnett was the reason both groups signed with his record companies .
Richard Griffiths , manager of One Direction and 5 Seconds of Summer , says Barnett was the reason both groups signed with his record companies .
Barnett likewise declined to discuss the cost of revitalizing Capitol , but said , " You can walk around the building and you can figure it out , " pointing to the extensive use of glass in redesigned offices , fresh paint , new equipment in Capitol 's three recording studios and other physical upgrades .
As part of that effort , the foundation named three strategies individual families can embrace : eliminate all sugar-sweetened beverages from the diets of children younger than 5 , engage kids in physical activity every day , and ensure that all children enter kindergarten at a healthy weight .
Obama said she wanted Americans to " dive in " to the effort to help kids grow up at a healthy weight .
The nation 's changed attitudes toward smoking and increased awareness of the importance of seat belt use in cars is proof that society can change habits and embrace a culture of health , said Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey , president and chief executive of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation , a national health philanthropy based in New Jersey .
Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey is president and chief executive of RWJF , a national health organization based in New Jersey .
Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey is president of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation .
The foundation 's new $ 500 million contribution follows up on a $ 500 million contribution made in 2007 , bringing the foundation 's total donation to the effort to $ 1 billion .
Obama said progress since 2007 has included fast-food restaurants including apples and skim milk in its kids ' meals , improved labeling to help parents choose healthier products in supermarkets , and higher standards for school lunches .
Since then , some fast-food restaurants have started including apples and skim milk in their kids ' meals .
In recent years , some fast-food restaurants have started including apples and skim milk in their kids ' meals .
" We 've seen the progress we can make , " the first lady said , " when we educate parents and we help them make healthier decisions . "
" We 've seen the progress we can make when we educate parents and we help them make healthier decisions , " Obama said .
NEW YORK — NBC " Nightly News " anchor Brian Williams was suspended for six months without pay for exaggerating his role in a helicopter incident in Iraq , marking the first time a network news anchor has been stripped of his duties .
NEW YORK — Brian Williams , the anchor of NBC " Nightly News , " has been taken off the air for six months .
NEW YORK — Television news anchor Brian Williams has been suspended from his show , NBC " Nightly News , " for six months without pay .
NEW YORK — Television news anchor Brian Williams hosted the NBC evening news show " Nightly News . "
He was suspended without pay for embellishing his role in a helicopter incident in Iraq .
He is being punished for exaggerating his role in a helicopter incident in Iraq .
Williams was punished for his description of being shot at in a helicopter during the war in Iraq .
The disciplinary action Tuesday was a stunning fall from grace for Williams , who presided over America 's top-rated newscast for a decade and helped lead it to numerous Emmy and Peabody awards .
4 on-air apology for falsely saying that a helicopter in which he was flying on a combat mission in 2003 had come under fire .
By then , though , the damage to the anchor 's credibility proved too extensive to keep his job .
" Brian has jeopardized the trust millions of Americans place in NBC News , " Steve Burke , president of NBCUniversal , said in a statement .
NBC News staff members , already shaken and depressed by the events that have befallen their division , were told of the decision in a sharply worded memo issued late Tuesday .
NBC News staff members were shaken and depressed by the events that have befallen their division .
They were told that weekend anchor Lester Holt would for now continue to handle the weekday broadcast and that the internal review led by NBC News investigations editor Richard Esposito was continuing .
She did not cite Williams ' remarks about his experience covering Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , which helped win the anchor a Peabody Award .
She did not refer to Williams ' remarks about his experience covering Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , which helped win the anchor a Peabody journalism award .
Turness said the network still had " concerns about comments that occurred while Brian was talking about his experiences in the field . "
One NBC News executive not authorized to discuss the matter publicly said it would be " a period of reflection " for Williams .
One NBC News executive , who was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly , said it would be " a period of reflection " for Williams .
Klein thinks there is a chance Williams can reclaim the job and continue his career .
Joe Klein , a former top executive for CNN and CBS News , thinks there is a chance Williams can win back his job and continue his career .
He thinks there is a chance Williams can win back his job and continue his career .
" There is a hope that the audience misses Brian so much that they want him to come back , " he said .
While other NBC News programs have experienced ratings declines in recent years , Williams ' broadcast has held steady in its leadership position and actually gained viewers in recent months .
While other programs at NBC news have experienced ratings declines in recent years , Williams ' broadcast has held steady in its leadership position .
While other programs at NBC news have experienced viewer declines in recent years , Williams ' show has stayed at the top .
One group thought the network should cut its losses and let Williams go , saying his problems with the truth had damaged his reputation and the brand of NBC News .
The six-month suspension is also aimed at putting a stop to the maelstrom of media coverage about Williams ' problems , which had become fodder for the late-night comedy shows where he was a lively guest .
The six-month suspension is also aimed at putting a stop to the whirlwind of media coverage on Williams .
The six-month suspension is also aimed at stopping the media coverage on Williams .
The six-month suspension is meant to stop the media coverage on Williams .
Some TV journalism experts and former NBC News colleagues of Williams believe the anchor 's ability to be entertaining in front of younger viewers who do n't watch news — he was so good at it that he occasionally mused about wanting to be a late-night host — became a factor in getting him into hot water .
Judy Muller , a longtime network correspondent who is now a professor of journalism at the University of Southern California , is among those who believe the demand for TV journalists to be entertaining is what ultimately did in Williams .
Judy Muller , a longtime network correspondent who is now a professor of journalism at the University of Southern California , is among those who believe the demand for TV journalists to be entertaining is what ultimately cost Williams his job .
Judy Muller is a professor of journalism at the University of Southern California and was a longtime network correspondent .
Judy Muller is a professor of journalism at the University of Southern California .
" The truth is , that is not entirely Brian Williams ' fault , " she said .
This " is not entirely Brian Williams ' fault , " she said .
But we ask people to be more than somebody who reads the news or reports it .
Americans want newscasters " to be more than somebody who reads the news or reports it . "
They hope the listing will provide a stronger legal case to release Lolita than did a previous lawsuit that centered on alleged violations of the federal Animal Welfare Act .
" This gives leverage under a much stronger law , " said Howard Garrett of the Whidbey Island-based Orca Network , which hopes a San Juan Island cove will one day serve as the site for Lolita to re-enter the wild .
" Lolita has been part of the Miami Seaquarium family for 44 years , " Andrew Hertz , Seaquarium general manager , said in a statement .
" Lolita has been part of the Miami Seaquarium family for 44 years , " said Andrew Hertz , Seaquarium 's general manager .
Lolita could survive in a sea pen or the open waters of the Pacific Northwest , and we are not willing to treat her life as an experiment . "
The southern resident population , which spends several months each year in Puget Sound , is the only group listed in the United States under the Endangered Species Act .
The three pods in the population were reduced by captures by marine parks between 1965 and 1975 , NOAA says .
Under the Endangered Species Act , it is illegal to cause a " take " of a protected orca , which includes harming or harassing them .
Under the Endangered Species Act , it is illegal to harm or mistreat a protected orca .
Wednesday , NOAA officials said holding an animal captive , in and of itself , does not constitute a take .
NOAA officials said on Wednesday that holding an animal captive is not , in and of itself , mistreatment .
However , NOAA said that keeping an orca in an aquarium is not necessarily mistreatment .
There is " rising public scorn for the whole idea of performing orcas , " said Garrett , who hopes Seaquarium will decide to release Lolita without a court order .
But NOAA officials still have concerns about releasing captive whales , and any plan to move or release Lolita would require " rigorous scientific review , " the agency said in a statement .
NOAA officials still have concerns about releasing captive whales , however .
The concerns include the possibility of disease transmission , the ability of a newly released orca to find food and behavior patterns from captivity that could have an impact on wild whales .
NOAA said previous attempts to release captive orcas and dolphins have often been unsuccessful and some have ended in death .
NOAA said previous attempts to release captive orcas have often been unsuccessful .
Garrett said the plan for Lolita calls for her to be taken to a netted area of the cove , which could be enlarged later .
Garrett said the plan for Lolita calls for her to be taken to a netted area of the cove , which could be enlarged later if she seemed to be doing well .
Garrett said if Lolita is freed , she would first be taken to a netted-off area of the bay .
She would be accompanied by familiar trainers who could " trust and reassure her every bit of the way , " he said .
She would be accompanied by familiar trainers who would " reassure her every bit of the way , " he said .
She would be accompanied by familiar trainers , who would " reassure her every bit of the way , " he said .
She would be accompanied by familiar trainers , who would help her " every bit of the way , " he said .
The controversy over releasing captive whales has been heightened by the experience of Keiko , a captive orca that starred in the 1993 movie " Free Willy , " about a boy who pushed for the release of a whale .
The controversy over releasing captive whales has been heightened by the experience of Keiko , a captive orca that starred in the 1993 movie " Free Willy . "
Garrett , who visited Keiko in Iceland in 1999 , said he was impressed by the reintroduction effort , and that there was plenty of evidence that Keiko was able to catch fish on his own .
" He proved that 180-degrees wrong .
He says Keiko never was able to forage for fish on his own , and that he continued to seek out human contact at every opportunity .
He says Keiko never was able to catch fish on his own , and that he continued to seek out human contact at every opportunity .
" It 's not really the fact that Keiko died , but how he died , " Garrett said Wednesday .
" It 's not really the fact that Keiko died , but how he died , " Garrett said .
Despite rising concerns about food safety and authenticity , contamination rates by salmonella , campylobacter , Escherichia coli and other common pathogens have not fallen or are actually on the increase , depending on the microbe , according to a 2013 report from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .
Some are actually on the rise , according to a 2013 report from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .
About 128,000 people end up in the hospital and 3,000 die , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .
About 128,000 people end up in the hospital and 3,000 die , U.S. health officials say .
Food fraud is also increasing .
Scientists worldwide are working to create databases of foodborne microbial strains , sequence the most common pathogens and tag foods for immediate traceability .
Scientists worldwide are working to create databases of tiny organisms found in food , sequence the most common pathogens and tag foods so they can be traced immediately .
Scientists worldwide are working to create databases of tiny living things found in food .
Scientists are working to put together information about tiny living things found in food .
The new initiatives promise to speed investigations and reduce foodborne illnesses and deaths ; the techniques could also spot food fakery by marketers .
Genome Trakr , a five-year collaboration between the University of California , Davis ; Agilent Technologies , and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , promises to perform whole genome sequencing on a total of 100,000 types of common foodborne pathogens .
The technology maps the entire DNA sequence of a microbe , and allows scientists to distinguish one strain from another , allowing fast track-back and earlier elimination of outbreaks around the world .
It allows scientists to distinguish one strain from another , allowing earlier elimination of outbreaks around the world .
It allows scientists to distinguish one type of microbe , or tiny living thing , from another .
The technology allows scientists to tell one type of microbe , or tiny living thing , from another .
The project began in March 2012 and the database , hosted by the National Center for Biotechnology Information , will be available online and at no cost to researchers and public health officials .
The database will be available online and for free to researchers and public health officials .
The database will be put online .
It will be free for scientists and public health officials .
The zoom-in detail of a sequenced genome will make it possible to distinguish different strains of a microbe that are otherwise indistinguishable , and trace back a small cluster outbreak before it becomes widespread .
A recent study from Cornell University suggests the new technology is an effective and faster replacement .
Using whole genome sequencing , researchers were able to double the number of cases associated with a known 2010 outbreak of a strain of salmonella called salmonella Heidelberg at a long-term care facility in New York City .
Whole genome sequencing has already proved successful in halting serious food outbreaks .
Whole genome sequencing has already helped stop serious food outbreaks .
The method has already helped stop serious food outbreaks .
In 2012 researchers isolated the specific strain in a salmonella outbreak in tuna sushi that sickened 258 individuals , and tracked it back to a processing plant in India .
In 2012 , researchers isolated the specific strain in a salmonella outbreak in tuna sushi that made 258 people sick .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) investigated the plant and found 10 sanitation slip-ups , including four outright violations of safety protocols .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) investigated the plant and found 10 sanitation slip-ups , including four outright violations of safety rules .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration investigated the plant and found 10 cleanliness problems .
The gigantic open-access Genome Trakr database should speed up this kind of detective work by providing an enormous volume of data that has already been analyzed .
The gigantic Genome Trakr database should speed up this kind of detective work by providing an enormous volume of information that has already been analyzed .
The gigantic Genome Trakr database should speed up this kind of detective work .
It would speed up this kind of detective work .
Food fraud prevention is also benefitting from a large international project called the International Barcode of Life ( iBOL ) , which is building a genetic library of all life on Earth .
Food fraud prevention is also benefiting from a large international project called the International Barcode of Life ( iBOL ) .
Food fraud prevention is also benefiting from a large project called the International Barcode of Life ( iBOL ) .
There is also a large project called the International Barcode of Life ( iBOL ) .
The project is building a genetic library of all life on Earth .
Initiated in 2003 by geneticist Paul Hebert at the University of Guelph in Ontario , it offers a global online database of DNA labels , akin to the bar codes on food packaging , for different species .
It offers a global online database of DNA labels , sort of like the bar codes on food packaging .
The labels are sort of like the bar codes on food packaging .
The project has already created over 2.6 million bar-code records for almost 200,000 species of plants and animals , and Hebert hopes to reach 500,000 by the end of 2015 .
The BOL can distinguish farmed from wild salmon because they are two different species .
The iBOL can already distinguish farmed from wild salmon because they are two different species .
Finally , inspired by the bar-coding idea , one new company , DNATrek , is creating synthetic bar codes for food items .
Finally , inspired by the bar-coding idea , one new company , DNATrek , is creating bar codes for food items .
The technology consists of DNA sequences extracted from plants ; it is an odorless , colorless and tasteless material that can be mixed with already-in-use food coatings ( such as natural waxes and oils ) and sprayed on foods .
The technology consists of DNA sequences extracted from plants ; it is an odorless , colorless and tasteless material that can be mixed with waxes and oils already used and then sprayed on foods .
It uses DNA from plants to make an odorless , colorless and tasteless material that can be mixed with waxes and oils already used on foods like oranges or apples .
The DNA sequences act like invisible bar codes and can be applied at each point of risk in the food chain : the farm , the sorting facility , the distributor , the packer and even the retailer .
The DNA sequences act like invisible bar codes and can be applied at different points where food is moved : the farm , the sorting facility , the distributor , the packer and even the retailer .
" When an outbreak occurs , " says company founder Anthony Zografos , " polymerase chain reaction technology can read the DNA code in about 20 minutes in the laboratory , allowing immediate trace-back rather than weeks or months . "
" When an outbreak occurs , " said company founder Anthony Zografos , the tags can be read in about 20 minutes .
" When an outbreak occurs , " company founder Anthony Zografos said , the tags can be read in about 20 minutes .
DNA Trek 's Zografos thinks that smartphones may one day have apps that can actually detect bacterial contamination or synthetic bar codes .
DNA Trek 's Zografos thinks that smartphones may one day have apps that can actually detect bacterial contamination or viruses .
Zografos believes that cellphones may one day have apps that can actually spot bacteria or viruses .
Zografos thinks that cellphones may one day have apps that can actually read the bar codes .
So the day may not be far off when we can hold our phones over a fish fillet to make sure we know what we are eating .
Then we can hold our phones over a fish fillet to make sure we know what we are eating .
Then we can hold our phones over our food to make sure we know exactly what we are eating .
Then we can hold our phones over a piece of fish to make sure we know what we are eating .
CARMEL VALLEY , Calif . — High above the Big Sur coast , Ian Faloona is finding pollution on the edge of the continent , a place that should have some of the country 's cleanest air .
CARMEL VALLEY , Calif . — High above the Big Sur coast , atmospheric scientist Ian Faloona is detecting high levels of pollution on the edge of the continent .
CARMEL VALLEY , Calif . — Scientist Ian Faloona is detecting high levels of pollution way up in the Santa Lucia Mountains along California 's Big Sur Coast .
CARMEL VALLEY , Calif . — The Santa Lucia Mountains along California 's Big Sur Coast should have some of the country 's cleanest air .
From an astronomical observatory on Chews Ridge in the Santa Lucia Mountains , the University of California , Davis atmospheric scientist has for the last three years measured ozone , the lung-damaging gas in smog , as it arrives to California .
From an astronomical observatory in the Santa Lucia Mountains , Faloona has for the last three years measured ozone , the lung-damaging gas in smog , as it arrives to California .
For the last three years Faloona has been measuring ozone , the lung-damaging gas in smog , as it arrives to California .
Faloona has been measuring ozone , the lung-damaging gas in smog .
For the last three years , he has been studying it as it reaches California .
The monitoring site , more than 5,000 feet above sea level on a pine-studded overlook above the lowest layer of the atmosphere , gives Faloona access to undisturbed air from across the Pacific before it is fouled by U.S. pollution sources .
Faloona 's monitoring site is located on Chews Ridge , more than 5,000 feet above sea level .
His monitoring site is located on Chews Ridge , more than 5,000 feet above sea level .
His measuring devices are located on Chews Ridge more than 5,000 feet above sea level .
It gives Faloona access to undisturbed air from across the Pacific before it is fouled by U.S. pollution sources .
The site allows Faloona to test air from across the Pacific before it comes into contact with U.S. pollution .
There he can test air from across the Pacific Ocean before it is affected by U.S. pollution .
He and other scientists at rural , high-altitude sites across the western U.S. have been documenting rising levels of ozone , which can trigger asthma attacks , worsen heart and lung disease and lead to premature deaths , even as emissions have plummeted nationwide over the last few decades .
He and other scientists have been documenting rising levels of ozone across the western U.S. , even as nationwide emissions have dropped steeply over the last few decades .
Soaring emissions from China and other fast-growing Asian countries are blowing across the Pacific Ocean , they say , increasing baseline levels of ozone in the western U.S. In about a week , winds carry ozone formed by emissions from cars , factories and power plants in Asia to the U.S. West Coast , where it can add to locally generated pollution , worsening smog in cities such as Bakersfield , Fresno and Los Angeles .
Soaring emissions from China and other fast-growing Asian countries are blowing across the Pacific Ocean , the scientists say , increasing levels of ozone in the western U.S. In about a week , winds carry ozone formed by emissions from cars , factories and power plants in Asia to the U.S. West Coast .
In about a week , winds carry ozone formed by emissions from cars , factories and power plants in Asia to the U.S. West Coast .
Winds carry the ozone from Asia to the U.S. West Coast in about a week .
Experts say that as U.S. air quality improves , Asian emissions — previously thought to have a negligible effect here — are having a stronger influence on smog levels , particularly in western states that sit at higher elevation and are first exposed to the pollutants .
The problem is particularly pronounced in western states that sit at higher elevation and are first exposed to the pollutants .
Last year , the agency submitted a first-of-its-kind petition to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency asking to be exempted from penalties for violating a health standard because of ozone pollution from Asia .
The EPA did not act on the San Joaquin Valley air district 's request , saying that it was not submitted through the appropriate process and that the district can meet the health standard despite the added pollution from Asia .
The EPA has proposed tightening ozone limits , from 75 parts per billion to between 65 and 70 parts per billion , later this year .
A new standard would put more areas of the country in violation of air quality standards and place parts of the West in a tough spot between a rising baseline of ozone and stricter federal limits .
Limiting pollution flowing in from Asia would require an international treaty , said Owen Cooper , an atmospheric scientist at the Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences in Boulder , Colorado .
Limiting pollution flowing in from Asia would require an international treaty , said atmospheric scientist Owen Cooper .
Limiting pollution flowing in from Asia will not be easy , however .
It will not be easy to limit pollution from China , said scientist Owen Cooper .
Such a deal is unlikely , leaving U.S. regulators to eke out further cuts in smog-forming pollutants , he said .
Such a deal is unlikely , he said .
Such an agreement is unlikely , Cooper said .
" Here in Denver , our emissions have come down enormously due to cleaner cars , but our ozone pollution is n't coming down .
However , " our ozone pollution is n't coming down .
Their recent focus on ozone from Asia has drawn renewed criticism from health advocates , who say state and local regulators should devote their resources to curbing emissions from cars , factories , farms and other sources they have the power to control .
The recent focus on ozone from Asia has drawn criticism from health advocates .
They say state and local regulators should devote their resources to curbing emissions from cars , factories , farms and other sources they have the power to control .
Dolores Weller , director of the Central Valley Air Quality Coalition , says the air district 's attention to ozone from Asia is the latest example of officials " not focusing in on homegrown pollution and continuing to look for exemptions and further excuses . "
She says the air district 's attention to ozone from Asia is the latest example of officials " not focusing in on homegrown pollution and continuing to look for exemptions and further excuses . "
Although estimates vary , recently published studies have found that Asian ozone contributes 3 to 8 parts per billion of the pollution in low-elevation parts of Southern California , such as Bakersfield and Los Angeles , and up to 15 in high-elevation regions of the West .
They have also found evidence that the gas is sinking and mixing into the air in the San Joaquin Valley , boosting smog levels in such cities as Bakersfield and Fresno .
Still , the attention to the issue is a shift from decades ago , when Los Angeles and other major cities battled crippling smog and treated it as a local matter .
That 's what Faloona sees from his ridge-top monitoring site : Two air-quality problems that are no longer divorced from one another .
Faloona agrees that Asian and U.S. air-quality problems are no longer divorced from one another .
Faloona agrees that the Asian and U.S. pollution problems are linked .
Looking inland , he sees the San Joaquin Valley , blanketed in a layer of air pollution .
Looking inland , he sees the San Joaquin Valley covered by a cloud of air pollution .
" But we 've realized it 's all connected . "
BOGOTA , Colombia — The Valentine 's Day industrial complex , complete with mandatory red roses and bouquets of flowers , owes a debt to the sweeping savannahs around this capital city .
Fifty years ago , Colombia shipped its first batch of fresh-cut flowers to Miami ( $ 20,000 worth of carnations by some accounts ) and jump-started a billion-dollar industry .
Fifty years ago , Colombia shipped its first batch of fresh-cut flowers to Miami and jump-started a billion-dollar industry .
In a handful of decades , flowers in the United States went from being high-end luxury goods sold only at specialized shops to being ubiquitous — from grocery stores to gas stations to traffic lights .
In a handful of decades , flowers in the United States went from being high-end luxury goods sold only at specialized shops to being commonplace .
Back when that first batch of Colombian flowers was shipped , flowers in the United States were expensive luxury goods sold only at specialized shops .
Flowers in the United States were once expensive and sold only at specialized shops .
In the process , this Andean nation became a global flower power : The country will export 500 million flowers for Valentine 's Day and 3 out of every 4 stems delivered for the occasion will likely come from here .
The country will export 500 million flowers for Valentine 's Day and 3 out of every 4 stems delivered for the occasion will likely come from here .
The country will send 500 million flowers out to other countries for Valentine 's Day , and 3 out of every 4 flowers given on the special day will come from Colombia .
At the time , most of America 's fresh-cut flowers were coming from California and Colorado , but they were rare , expensive and reserved for special occasions .
At the time , most of America 's fresh-cut flowers were coming from California and Colorado , and were rare , expensive and reserved for special occasions .
Wells returned home , set up Flores Colombianas , and made his first shipment to Miami in October 1965 .
Wells returned home and set up a flower company , named Flores Colombianas .
He made his first shipment to Miami in October 1965 .
" Wells was a playboy but he had the idea , " said Charles Weston , 83 , who began managing Flores Colombianas in 1969 .
" He saw that Washington was full , full of socialites and all they did was go to parties and take each other presents , which were often flowers .
In 1961 , President John F. Kennedy launched the Alliance for Progress , which aimed to stave off the communist threat in the hemisphere by bolstering U.S.-Latin America cooperation .
Colombia was a showcase for the effort and Kennedy came here that December .
Among that group was a Colorado State University student named David Cheever .
Inspired by Wells ' work , Cheever wrote his master 's thesis in 1967 , titled " Bogota , Colombia , as a Cut-Flower Exporter for World Markets . "
Inspired by Wells ' work , Cheever wrote a paper in 1967 , titled " Bogota , Colombia , as a Cut-Flower Exporter for World Markets . "
Cheever saw opportunity in Colombia 's privileged spot on the equator , its high-altitude plains and proximity to the U.S. via newly inaugurated jet flights to Miami .
John Vaughan , a Colombian of English descent , was helping his father run cattle and grow cotton when he decided he wanted to get into the new " exciting " field .
In 1969 , he and two brothers started growing carnations on a 2.5-acre plot .
In 1969 , he and two brothers started growing carnations on a 2.5-acre plot of land .
One of them was Colombian John Vaughan , who started growing flowers on a 2.5-acre plot of land in 1969 .
The greenhouse structures that are still in use today on flower farms were largely developed by him .
" He was very generous with his ideas and knowledge . "
Vaughan recalls hand-carrying boxes of flowers to Miami .
The early years were trial and error , and Vaughan recalls having to hand-carry boxes of flowers to Miami .
The early years were hard for Colombian flower sellers .
Vaughan also helped convince U.S. grocery stores that flowers made sense .
At first buyers were hard to find , but over time Vaughan helped convince U.S. grocery stores that flowers made sense .
" They work by the square foot , " he said of outlets such as Costco and Walmart .
Things began to take off in the early 1970s when Weston , with Flores Colombianas , established El Dorado Trading Company in Miami .
" After that , flowers were going straight into refrigeration and we had sales girls who could talk to all of the cities in the United States , " he said .
Now , there are an estimated 350 flower growers in Colombia who employ 130,000 workers .
The industry shipped 200,000 tons of flowers in 2013 worth about $ 1.3 billion .
In 2013 around 200,000 tons of flowers were shipped from the country .
" We 're in a position where people ( in the United States ) will not only want flowers for Valentine 's Day but as a year-round consumer good , " he said .
Left unchanged , the supply of skilled workers will dwindle — leaving some 5 million jobs vacant by 2018 — and wo n't keep pace with the demands of a modern economy or the needs of employers struggling to compete .
Left unchanged , the supply of skilled workers will decline more — leaving some 5 million jobs vacant by 2018 .
The skills gap has been pigeonholed for many years as an education issue and left to policymakers , educators and administrators to fix .
But as the top consumer of our education system , the private sector has a huge stake in this challenge and ca n't afford to wait for others to find a solution .
But companies are the ones that hire people spat out by our education system and they ca n't afford to wait for others to find a solution .
The essence of enterprise is solving problems and fulfilling needs , so it should surprise no one that business leaders are innovating their way out of the problem .
The nature of enterprise is solving problems and fulfilling needs , so it should surprise no one that business leaders are innovating their way out of the problem .
A number of companies and partners have pioneered a whole new approach to sourcing workers by applying the lessons of supply chains — the common-sense practice of planning ahead and establishing processes and relationships with preferred and trusted suppliers to ensure that you have what you need , when you need it .
A number of companies and partners have pioneered a whole new approach to finding workers by applying the lessons of supply chains .
A number of companies and universities have pioneered a whole new approach to finding workers .
It 's simply the common-sense practice of planning ahead and establishing processes and relationships with trusted suppliers .
Businesses plan ahead and establish processes and relationships with trusted suppliers .
Businesses plan ahead and build relationships with trusted suppliers .
We call this talent pipeline management .
When applied to workers we call it talent pipeline management .
When applied to workers , we call this " talent pipeline management . "
When it 's applied to workers we call it " talent pipeline management . "
Talent pipeline management is n't much different from the state-of-the-art supply chain principles that companies use to source goods , capital or information .
Talent pipeline management is n't much different from the supply chains that companies use to source goods and parts , money or information .
Talent pipeline management is n't much different from the idea behind supply chains .
Companies use supply chains to find parts and goods , money or information .
Companies use these ideas to get their parts , money or information .
Rolls-Royce employed this strategy when it built its massive Crosspointe engine manufacturing complex in Virginia .
Rolls-Royce used this idea when it built a massive engine manufacturing factory in Virginia .
Rolls-Royce used this idea when it built its huge auto factory in Virginia .
Before making the $ 170 million investment in the first-ever Rolls-Royce facility to be built from the ground up on U.S. soil , the company wanted to be sure that skilled workers would be available and in steady supply .
It was a $ 170 million investment in the first-ever Rolls-Royce facility to be built from the ground up on U.S. soil .
It spent $ 170 million on the first-ever Rolls-Royce factory to be built from the ground up in the U.S. Before making that very expensive commitment , the company wanted to be sure that it would have a supply of skilled workers .
Before spending all that money , the company wanted to be sure that it would have a supply of skilled workers .
So it partnered with the local community college system to establish a program tailored to its advanced manufacturing operations .
So it partnered with a local community college .
So it partnered with the local community college .
Since forging this innovative partnership , Rolls-Royce has provided input on the course work and curricula , as well as new tools and resources to train students on the same machines that are used at the Crosspointe facility .
Since forging this innovative partnership , Rolls-Royce has provided input on the course work , as well as new tools to train students on the machines that are used at the Crosspointe facility .
Since forging this partnership , Rolls-Royce has provided input on the course work and trained students on the machines used at the factory .
Since starting this partnership , Rolls-Royce has helped design course work and trained students on the machines used at the factory .
These kinds of arrangements add value for everyone involved .
These kinds of arrangements help everyone involved .
The employer wins by having steady access to candidates who are not only qualified , but whose skills have been customized to the demands of the position .
The employer wins by having steady access to candidates whose skills fit the demands of the position .
The employer wins by having a steady supply of candidates who have skills that fit the position .
The employer wins by having a steady supply of workers with skills to match the jobs .
The education partner benefits by being able to point to concrete job opportunities for its graduates , thus raising its competitive edge and helping recruit students .
The school benefits by being able to show that it finds job opportunities for its graduates .
The school benefits by being able to say that it finds jobs for its graduates .
The school benefits by being able to say it found job opportunities for its graduates .
And those students ultimately receive an education that comes with real job prospects .
And those new students will receive an education that comes with real job prospects .
And those new students will receive an education that comes with real job opportunities .
Then those new students receive an education that comes with real chances at finding a job .
Through talent pipeline management , we can achieve truly demand-driven education and workforce systems to help create opportunities for individuals , ensure a steady flow of qualified workers to enable allow businesses to thrive and grow , and keep our nation on the leading edge of global competition .
Through talent pipeline management , we can achieve education and worker training truly based on need , or demand .
Through talent pipeline management , we can achieve education and worker training based on need and demand .
Through talent pipeline management , we can achieve education and train workers based on need , or demand .
It will help create opportunities for individuals , ensure a steady flow of qualified workers to enable allow businesses to thrive and grow , and keep our nation on the leading edge of global competition .
BALTIMORE — At first blush , it sounds like a good idea : have business partner with universities and colleges to create a vocational curriculum that provides graduates well-paying jobs in today 's growing industries .
BALTIMORE — At first , it sounds like a good idea : have business partner with universities and colleges to create course work that provides graduates well-paying jobs in today 's growing industries .
BALTIMORE — At first , it sounds like a good idea : have businesses partner with universities and colleges to create course work that provides graduates well-paying jobs in today 's growing industries .
BALTIMORE — At first , it sounds like a good idea : have businesses partner with universities and colleges to create vocational coursework .
There 's just one major hitch : The primary role of education , particularly higher education , is to develop citizens with a wide variety of skills needed to live a full and vibrant life in a flourishing 21st-century democracy — not to custom-tailor graduates to fit vacant slots in businesses desperate to hire trained workers .
There 's just one major hitch : The primary role of education , particularly higher education , is to develop citizens with a wide variety of skills needed to live a full and vital life in our modern democracy .
There 's just one major hitch : The primary role of education is to develop citizens with a wide variety of skills needed to live a full life in a modern democracy .
There 's just one major hitch : The primary purpose of education is to develop citizens with a wide variety of skills .
That 's why the recent initiative launched by business groups to create an unobstructed pipeline of skilled workers from major public and private universities is likely to produce only lukewarm results .
That 's why the recent plan launched by business groups to create a pipeline of skilled workers from universities straight to them is likely to produce only lackluster results .
That 's why the recent plan launched by business groups to create a pipeline of skilled workers from universities is likely to produce only lukewarm results .
That 's why the recent plan launched by business groups is a poor one .
While it 's true that college graduates earn more money over their lifetimes than those without a degree , the problem is that far too many who start college drop out and end up with large amounts of student loan debt with not much chance of paying it off .
While it 's true that college graduates earn more money over their lifetimes than those without a degree , the problem is that far too many who start college drop out .
Of course it 's true that college graduates earn more money over their lifetimes than those without a degree .
However , the problem is that far too many who start college drop out .
In the 2011-2012 school year , the Pell Grants , the Department of Education 's largest aid program to help students from a low- and moderate-income background finance a college degree , cost taxpayers a whopping $ 34.5 billion with dismal results .
While federal statistics are sketchy , they suggest that a majority of Pell recipients dropped out before completing their sophomore year .
Government numbers suggest that a majority of Pell students dropped out before completing their sophomore year .
It 's clear that many high school graduates do n't have the aptitude to go on to college and would rather go directly into the workforce and start careers .
It 's clear that many high school graduates do n't have the intention to go on to college .
It 's clear that many high school graduates do n't really want to go to college .
The paradox is that nearly a million attractive jobs are going begging , while millions of Americans remain unemployed or seriously underemployed .
The remedy is not to have schools create new and easier courses to accommodate students who are n't legitimate college prospects , but to create more vocational training opportunities along the lines that have been standard in Germany for decades .
The remedy is not to have schools create new and easier courses to accommodate students who are n't legitimate college prospects .
The remedy is not to have schools create new and easier courses for students who are n't college prospects .
The solution is not to have schools create new and easier courses for students who are n't meant for college .
Forced to rebuild its industrial might from the rubble of World War II , the Germans long have placed a high value on vocational education .
In Germany , the educational system begins to differentiate between those students best suited for higher education and those who may fare better in vocational training at an early age , often in the eighth grade or at the start of their freshman year in high school .
In Germany , the educational system begins to set apart those students best suited for higher education and those who may fare better in vocational training at an early age .
In Germany , the educational system sets apart those students best suited for higher education and those who may fare better in vocational training .
In Germany , the educational system separates students by those suited for higher education and those who may do better in vocational training .
More than two-thirds of the German workforce has received vocational training from technical schools , trade guilds and company training programs .
More than two-thirds of the German workforce has received vocational training from technical schools , trade groups and company training programs .
More than two-thirds of the German workforce has received vocational training from technical schools , groups that teach trades and company training programs .
In 2012 alone , German companies hired and trained some 600,000 workers .
In 2012 alone , German companies hired and trained about 600,000 workers .
The system obviously is working .
In October , despite a slumping economy , Germany 's youth unemployment was 7.7 percent compared to 12.7 percent for the United States .
In October , despite a rough economy , Germany 's youth unemployment was 7.7 percent compared to 12.7 percent for the United States .
In Germany , vocational ed students learn both in the classroom and on the job — usually attending vocational schools two days and spending three days a week as apprentices in a chosen vocation .
Typically they attend vocational schools two days and spend three days a week as apprentices in a chosen profession .
Typically they attend vocational schools two days a week and then spend three days a week as an apprentice in a profession they choose .
Slightly more than 50 percent of German students choose this career path .
Volkswagen 's sprawling auto factory in Chattanooga , Tennessee , is a good example .
Volkswagen 's huge auto factory in Chattanooga , Tennessee , is a good example .
The company runs its Volkswagen Academy in a large building that also houses its Passat assembly line .
The company runs its Volkswagen Academy in a large building that also houses its assembly line .
The company runs its Volkswagen Academy right in the same building as its factory .
Aspiring workers who complete the three-year program earn a starting salary of $ 22 an hour and are certified to work at German auto plants anywhere in the world .
Students who complete a three-year program earn a starting salary of $ 22 an hour .
It 's time to end the stigma long-attached to vocational education by adapting the German approach throughout the U.S. Most Americans do n't need a university diploma , but all need a well-paying career .
It 's time to end the negative view long attached to vocational education by adapting the German approach throughout the U.S. Most Americans do n't need a university diploma , but all need a well-paying career .
It 's time to adapt the German approach throughout the U.S. Most Americans do n't need a university degree , but all need a well-paying career .
Most Americans do n't need a university degree , but all need a well-paying career .
