The Jones High School senior is one of the fastest-growing career paths in the country .
The Lake County school district is preparing to join other counties .
It is expected to make 30,000 jobs .
The programs offer hands-on experiences to students who can shadow paramedics during 12-hour shifts .
She can follow paramedics during 12-hour shifts spent responding to emergencies .
They can not have a job to graduate from it .
It can not feed who rush to emergencies .
The lessons shatter stereotypes portrayed in TV shows such as " spark-pound fields . "
Hundreds of students already have taken advantage of programs .
Hundreds of students already have taken advantage of the programs .
Hundreds of other students around the country already have taken advantage of these high school programs .
Hundreds of students are already in high school programs .
This fall Jones High School celebrated the success of its 2014 graduates .
The kids were paired in a three-year mentoring program .
In high school , they were paired with medical students from the University of Florida .
He teaches at UCF 's College of Medicine .
Garrett is the head of her high school .
He said she plans to pursue a degree in medicine .
The 18-year-old said the classes are challenging , but only motivates her more .
" I have so many people depending on me , " he said .
" I have so many people depending on me , " he said .
She said she thought about leaving the program but decided , " No , I have so many people depending on me . "
She said that " No , I have so many people depending on me . "
She said that knowing that ob-gyns make a good living pushed her to endure the rigorous program .
The teenager said that knowing that obgyns make a good living pushed her to endure the tough program .
She said that doctors make a good living pushed her to keep it .
She said doctors make a good living .
Various websites indicate that-gyns can earn upward of $ 200,000 a year .
Various websites indicate obgyns can earn upward of $ 200,000 a year .
Even if Garrett chose a different medical discipline , federal data suggest there are plenty of jobs available and more on the horizon .
Even if they are plenty of jobs available now and more on the horizon .
Even if Garrett chose a different medical field , government numbers suggest there are plenty of job openings right now .
There are plenty of job openings .
The government added about 65 percent more health-care jobs .
The nation added about 65 percent more health care jobs .
Local hospitals are supporting efforts to hire the best and brightest students .
Paul Johns , chief operating officer at South Lake Hospital in Clermont .
Paul Johns is the chief of South Lake Hospital in Florida .
" The trend is that you 're really trying to help those students understand what it 's going to take to be in the work force , whether you 're building " take in the health care .
He said that a trend is that you 're really trying to help those students understand what it 's going to be in the work force .
The school day lets students prepare for an important part of the game .
The school day gives time to prepare for guarantee exams .
Students are given time during school to study questions .
Students get time in school .
No one expects to have made all their decisions yet , said Edgar Young .
No one expects teens to have made all their decisions yet , said minor expert Teresa Young .
No one , said UCF 's paintings are made a final decision .
EDWARDSirir play in California .
EDWARDSets are play in California .
The report is simple , and students are careful to avoid cracks in the playground 's asphalt .
It is one of 10 California military base schools that the Pentagon is ranked as being in the top of those most in need .
Damian 's school is one of 10 California schools on military bases .
The United States is ranked as being in the top one-third of those most repair nationwide .
The United States has a list of 160 schools .
The United States is also in charge of the best broken-down schools in the country .
In recent years , Congress allocated a total of $ 945 million .
To find the money , however , school districts or their states must provide 20 percent in matching funds .
To be able to use the money , school districts or their states must provide the remaining 20 percent .
But the school districts must provide the remaining 20 percent .
To use the money , schools must pay the remaining one-fifth of the money .
California has more schools on the repair list than any other state .
It is the only state that has not raised the necessary money to pay its share , said Mark Wright , who works for the Defense Department .
It is the only state that will not provide money for the repairs , Department said .
It is the only state that has not found money for the repairs , Wright said .
Only two California school districts , Sierratop and San Diego Unified , have said they could meet the match .
At the top schools , 60 percent of the students ' parents are in the military .
At the beginning , 60 percent of the students ' parents are in the military .
At the beginning , 60 percent of the students ' parents are in the military .
" It 's just sad to think that somebody is out there protecting our country , and at home their kids are going to a school with great teachers , " principal Dennison said .
" And at home their kids are going to a school with great teachers , " he said .
They will cost $ 27.8 million — meaning that the district would have to come up with about $ 5.5 million .
B Border Borderals ranks out of 160 schools on the Defense Department 's goal .
Baldpe ranks two of 160 schools on the military 's list .
Bpe is the eighth worst out of 160 schools .
The much-needed upgradesics will cost $ 27.8 million — meaning the district would have to come up with about $ 5.5 million .
The needed upgradesed sport will cost $ 27.8 million .
The center is upgrade equipment and purchase new doors for classrooms and offices , which currently only lock from the outside .
School officials would like to replace the roof , buy new playground and new doors for classrooms .
School officials would like to replace the roof , buy new equipment and buy new equipment .
The center would like to put in new playground equipment and new doors for classrooms .
There also are electrical improvements to consider .
There are also electrical improvements to consider .
New lighting and air conditioning is also being considered .
They could also use bad lighting and air conditioning .
Public school districts are often able to cover major maintenance and construction costs .
Public school districts are often able to cover major maintenance and construction costs .
Public school districts are often able to cover major repair and construction costs .
That does n't work for military base schools .
That does not work for military base schools because they are on federal land .
Last year , the California Department of Education asked the Department of Finance to $ 61 million in funding .
The California Department of Education is now exploring legislative , a spokeswoman said .
State Senator Jeanicates and his team , a Republican from Bakersfield , also proposed a bill that would have provided the 20 percent matching to some of the base schools in need of renovations .
He proposed a bill that would have provided the 20 percent matching to some of the base schools .
State Senator Jeanabeabe and a Republican from Bakersfield , also proposed a bill .
Without the federal aid , California may have to pay the total cost of repairs .
" We can not let this stand , " she said .
Muroc Joint Unified has tried to raise the matching funds on its own .
" We 've tried pretty much anything we can think of in hopes we could find that match money .
It is ranked 10th .
It is in such bad condition that the district needs to rebuild .
It is in such bad condition that the district needs to rebuild it .
Despite saying that it could provide the matching funds , the district is struggling to do so , Ernie Bell said .
But it is struggling to do so , Ernie Bell , the superintendent said .
The district is having money to find the money , Ernie Bell said .
Muroc Unified is in charge of its project .
Muroc Unified is in charge of thousands in district money into the project .
Sammy and his wife is in the Air Force .
Sammy and his wife is in the Air Force , and has been sent overseas five times .
Sammy and his wife is in the Air Force .
The school , he said , needs more help .
" When children are left behind here , " he said , " parents want the best opportunities for them . "
" When children are left behind here , " he said , " parents want the best opportunities for them . "
He teaches teaching tool to buy an important book
A congressman writes a comic book about his work in the civil rights era
He was also right back to his early 20s .
" It 's so moving to me and so powerful , and for me to look at some of the drawings , " he said .
" It 's so moving to me and so powerful , and for me to look at some of the drawings , " he said .
The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr . 's father is the leader of the NAACP .
" And I think ‘ March : Two , " makes it plain and makes it possible for the young to understand , " he said .
Lewis ' latest account of that turbulent from renewed attention due to the film " Selma . "
The movie is based on the famous march from Selma .
During the first attempt , Lewis was quiet in the head .
During the march , Lewis wasbed by police .
The best-selling " March : Book One " takes the first-person story of Lewis from his boyhood on his parents ' sharecropper farm in Alabama .
He begins when he was a boy on his parents ' farm in Alabama .
It covers the Freedom Rides and ends with the 1963 March on Washington .
He is the only one still living .
He was one of six of the march .
He was one of six people who planned the march .
Lewis , first elected to Congress in 1986 , worked on the books with co-author Andrew Aydin .
He worked on the books with co-author Andrew Aydin , one of his unusual things .
He worked on the books with co-author Andrew Aydin .
He wrote the books with Andrew Aydin , who works for him .
Hundreds of schools have used the first " March " book .
Aydin and Lewis know because they are n't addicted than the places where they 've heard is .
" Unfortunately , the civil rights movement is barely taught at all , " he said .
The Southern Poverty Center , in a 2011 report , found that 16 states did n't require instruction about the movement .
In a 2011 report , the Southern Poverty Center found that 16 states did n't require instruction about the civil rights movement .
In a 2011 report , the Southern Poverty Center found that 16 states did not require schools to teach about the civil rights movement .
Sixteen states do not ask schools to teach the civil rights movement .
After a grand jury decided not to indict , because they were shot and killed Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri .
They could all benefit about " how nonviolent protests succeeded in the past . "
And aydin got the idea for the book in 2008 .
And aydin got the idea for the book in 2008 .
And aydin got the idea for the book in 2008 .
And it came up with the idea for the books .
And aydin said he 'd go to a comic convention .
And aydin told members he planned to go to a comic book convention .
He told people he planned to go to a comic book .
They laughed .
They laughed .
" Do n't laugh , " Lewis put in .
He told them that a comic book in the 1950s , " Martin Luther King and the Montgomery Story . "
He said that a comic book in the 1950s called " Martin Luther King and the Montgomery Story " had inspired him when he was 17 .
He told them that a comic book in the 1950s called " Martin Luther King and the Montgomery Story . "
He said a comic book in the 1950s had inspired him when he was 17 .
Aydin asked Lewis why did n't write a fake book now .
And it was " aydin said , " But it was still a good idea . "
And aydin was there working for Lewis , watching a moment in history .
More needs to be done to shine a light on that era , he thought , and the comic book might be the way to do it .
More needs to be done to shine a light on that era , he thought , and a comic book might be the way to do it .
The elusive Sierra Nevada red fox was recently spotted in Yosemite National Park .
For the first time in nearly 100 years , the rare Sierra Nevada red fox was spotted in Yosemite National Park .
The incredibly rare Sierra Nevada red fox was recently spotted in Yosemite National Park .
A Sierra Nevada red fox was in Yosemite National Park .
It was captured by motion-sensitive cameras on Dec .
Park officials are still trying to figure out whether the cameras caught the same fox or a second one .
Park officials are still trying to figure out whether the cameras caught the same fox or a different one .
California 's Sierra Nevada red fox is one of the rarest mammals in North America .
California 's Sierra Nevada red fox is one of the most endangered animals in North America .
California 's Sierra Nevada red fox is one of the most endangered animals in North America .
The red fox is one of the most endangered animals in the country .
Fewer than 50 of the bus problems exist in North America .
The last time a red fox was seen as a red fox in Yosemite .
The shy creatures do n't stop human behavior .
The shy creatures avoid humans .
Little is known about the creature because sightings are rare .
It was taken in 1990 during a wolverine study at the Lassen National Forest .
From 1990 , the Sierra Nevada red fox were taken in a study .
In 1990 , video of a Sierra Nevada red fox were taken in the Lassen National Forest .
In 1990 , videos of the red fox were taken in the Lassen National Forest .
The forest is in California .
The forest is north of Yosemite .
Determined to photograph the creature again , park wildlife biologists placed cameras in another way .
Determined to photograph the fox again , wildlife biologists placed cameras in another way .
Then , in August , a Sierra Nevada red fox was finally photographed near Sonora Pass north of Yosemite .
In 2010 , a red fox was finally captured on video .
The small animal was filmed harsh on a bait bag containing chicken scraps .
The fox was videotaped harsh on a bait bag containing chicken scraps .
The fox was harsh on a bag containing chicken scraps .
A video camera recorded a fox on a bag of color .
The bag contained chicken scraps .
The scientists studied the DNA samples from the bag and confirmed the building .
The researchers studied the samples of the home from the bag .
The scientists are trying to figure out how many feet a kid is in trouble .
Scientists checked the fox left .
Two years ago , high levels said she and her husband spotted one of the foxes during a deer hunting trip .
Two years ago , high high school was high and a red fox during a deer hunting trip .
" They are extremely cute animals , " she said .
" They are extremely cute little " high school high levels .
Scientists will continue using remote cameras to look for the Sierra Nevada red fox .
Scientists will continue to look for the Sierra Nevada red fox .
They can learn more about the red fox and determine whether it is connected to the Sonora Pass .
The latest sighting , high school is a good sign .
It is a good sign .
The Yosemite coast is a good sign .
The fox sighting in Yosemite is a good sign , said high school worker .
Today Sam will plow through the city 's tough town in search of concussions .
A group of experts in Britain and United States believes the illogical spelling in the English language is more than just how people have to memorize the rules .
A group of experts in Britain and the United States believes the lack of logic in the spelling language is more than just how people have to do with memorize the rules .
A group of experts hope to change things .
It creates an International English Spelling Congress to put out a spelling system .
The head of the International Spelling Congress to come up with a spelling system that makes more sense .
They want to hold an International Spelling Congress .
The congress would come up with a spelling system .
" In some languages like Finnish , Spanish and Italian , there is a strong correlation between the written and spoken word , " said Stephen Linstead .
In languages like Spanish and Italian , words are more likely to sound like they are spelled , said Stephen Linstead .
They can be spelled differently , depending on the word .
The same sound can be spelled differently , depending on the word .
The same thing is true , and the same sound can be spelled differently .
The same problems are differently , and the same sound can be spelled differently .
L planned to identify a list of new spellings to correct word groups .
The effort is not to see kinks out in the language .
The children take a lot longer to learn basic literacy than children in other European countries .
The kids have concluded that English-speaking children take significantly longer to learn basic literacy than children in other European countries .
The children take a lot longer to learn basic reading , and writing skills than children in other European countries .
The children take longer to learn important skills than children in other European countries .
" One of the members said one of the reasons he joined us was because of the island he felt teaching his children to read " and have been following , " Linstead said .
The American Literacy Council is also involved in the endeavor .
L Bordero thinks that the snakes would be a monumental task .
Britain 's use in several countries over to the Brazilian system of orthography .
That decision decision has been seen while in the works for years .
It 's a decision that has been criticized for many years , according to the news reports .
These have been similar movements throughout American history .
He was a major advocate for simplified , and his newspaper for a time used " fantom " and " frate " instead of " freight . "
His newspaper for a time used " fantom " instead of " frate " instead of freight .
The Chicago newspaper once supported simplified spelling spelling spelling , and for a time used " fantom " instead of the protesters . "
The Chicago Tribune newspaper once supported simplified spelling spelling , and for a time used " fantom " instead of the protesters .
And in the early 20th century , the actor 's face was published by 300 words .
In the early 20th century , the llling Board published a list of 300 words with spellings .
President Theodore Roosevelt supported the changes .
President Theodore Roosevelt agreed with the changes , but Congress stopped them happening .
The spelling bill is more of a special program , and changes are able to decide what to adopt .
The spelling congressfish are more of a bill by many average people , and changes may take hold more easily if society is able to decide what to adopt .
LOUIS — The girls huddled in the corner of the gym as the game clock .
LOUIS — The McCluer Pommies huddled in the corner of the gym as a game challenge to halftime .
LOUIS — As the game clock counted down to halftime .
LOUIS — The McCluer Pommies linked their arms .
" Remember your stuff , " she told her team .
" Remember your stuff , " high school senior Sierra McKenzie told her team .
She told her team , " Remember your stuff . "
She told her team , " Remember your stuff . "
Unrest after Michael Brown 's death in Ferguson forced cancellations of practices .
Music starts , and a dozen straight flip to wide smiles , matching the energy in the moves on their faces .
The music starts , and their smiles widen , matching the energy in their moves .
And in the midst of the challenges , there have been victories .
The most of the McCluer Pommies have never had any formal training .
There are tryouts and skills to earn a spot on the team .
A new Pommie this year paid nearly $ 1,000 to cover costs .
Students say being a Pommie is seen as an honor and a lot of work .
Students say being a Pommie is an honor and a lot of work .
Wesley-Stewart and Allen is a commitment to both the team and their academics .
The Pommies ' other coach , Jackie Allen , stresses that the girls must have a commitment to both the team and their studies .
She said the girls must be allowed to leave the team .
" A McCluer Pommie shall provide a spirit-test service , " he said .
That mission is important , Wesley-Stewart said .
" There are good kids out there and good parents , " said Wesley-Stewart .
" There are good kids out there , and good parents , " said Wesley-Stewart .
A planned in December had to be canceled .
People said they did n't feel comfortable in the area .
People said they did n't feel comfortable being in the area .
People did not feel a comfortable going to the area because of the violence .
People did not want to go to the area because they were n't allowed to go to the area .
The girls have sold pizza , tumblers and spirit .
" A lot of people do n't have the money , " said Victoria Mantia , a junior .
" A lot of people do n't have the money , " said Victoria Mantia .
In November , when the grand jury was missed less than two weeks before a major competition .
After the grand jury 's decision in November , practices were missed less than two weeks before a major contest .
They had to miss practice less than two weeks before a major contest .
They had to miss practice less than two weeks before a big competition in St. Louis .
In the crowd watching the Pommies at a recent McCluer basketball game was 2011 .
She came to see the team 's coaches .
She came to see the team and her coaches .
And as individuals , the girls say they grow each year in their work ethic and confidence .
The girls say they grow each year in their work and confidence .
Some said Wesley-Stewart helped them get their grades up .
Is there a safe time to let your kids play football ?
When it is safe to play football , the animal is a safe to play football ?
When it is safe to let kids play football , she says .
Study says 11 and younger children may be too soon to play football football football football football team under football .
But a new study suggests that you want to wait until they are at least 12 years old .
Researchers found that former NFL players started playing football .
The scientists looked at the study .
The study looked at 42 football players between the ages of 41 and 65 .
Half of the study they started playing football before they were 12 , the others started when they were 12 or older .
They were playing football before they were 12 , and the other half started when they were 12 or older .
The players were given a series of cognitive tests .
A memory test , for instance , required the players to remember a list of words immediately after it had been read to them .
A memory test , for instance , required the players to remember a list of words immediately after it had been read to them .
They then again again 15 minutes later .
On all three tests , the players who started playing football before they turned 12 worse .
On all three tests , the players started playing tackle football earlier in life .
It is an important time for the brain .
About 20,000 people are living in the North Carolina .
The paper also hopes to take the number of players in the U.S.
According to researchers Christopher Filley and Charles Bernick , 70 percent of all football players in the U.S. are under 14 .
According to two other scientists , Christopher Filley and Charles Bernick were among 10 football players in the U.S. are younger than 14 .
But they also noted that it has significant limitations .
 Filley and Bernick applauded the new study as " innovative . "
She also praised the new study .
Also , all of the participants were pulled from a group of NFL players .
However , if common sense tells parents that it 's not a great idea to put a kid at risk .
He said that the Common sense may be right .
But the once-bustling oyster farm and sales are all at the end of the dirt .
Doors and windows gaped open .
Wind-chapped buildings were stripped of everything that was valuable or could besold .
Inside , the commercial detritus of the former ownertered : a shopping cart , fishing gloves , office chairs .
Inside , the remains of the former oyster business clut , a shopping cart , fishing gloves and office chairs .
Inside , the mud-covered floors were cluttered with a oyster farm .
In the clear waters of California , where decades of farmers had groom crops of yellowed plastic broken off a timeworn .
Farmers had groomed crops of oysters in the clear waters of Estero .
It 's the right battle between the oyster farmer and the National Park Service .
It is what remains after a yearslong battle between the oyster farmer and the National Park Service .
It is what remains after a yearslong battle between the oyster farmer and the National Park Service .
This was what remained after a court battle between the oyster farmer and the National Park Service .
The park service won spending millions of dollars in scores of lawsuits that ended at the U.S. Supreme Court , the capital said .
The park service won millions of dollars in lawsuits that ended at the U.S. Supreme Court state .
The park service won millions of dollars in lawsuits .
It won after several years and spending millions of dollars in lawsuits .
It 's returning a working landscape to its primitive state .
It 's expensive work that must be completed before the West Coast 's first marine wilderness can be unveiled to the public .
It is expensive that must be completed before the West Coast 's first marine wilderness can be unveiled to the public .
It is expensive work and it must be completed before the wilderness can be opened .
The oyster farm 's permit required the operators .
The oyster farm 's permit required the Lunny family to remove all commercial equipment from the Estero .
A speedy resolution to the legal wranglings , the park agreed to a court-brokered deal that allowed the Lunny family to walk away .
The park wanted a speedy resolution to the legal wranglings and agreed to a deal .
The deal allowed the family to remove all oysters in the water .
The settlement also allowed the dozen or so former workers who live on the site in two small homes and three trailers to stay for at least three trailers .
As crews carefully remove remove remnants of the farm , Muldoon rodizes about kayodizes and snorkeling in a range of big cities where explorer Sir Francis beforehand .
The crew spent a week made of a handful of buildings , docks and his workers harvested oysters and clams and snacks to tourists .
The crew spent a week made of buildings , docks and rusty equipment where the farmers used to harvest oysters and serve snacks .
They 6,250-foot feet of asphalt , about 40 truckloads of rubble .
The team removed yards of building material and some 6,250-foot feet of asphalt .
So far , crews have removed traffic yards of building material and some 6,250 feet of asphalt .
For now , crews have removed about 40 truckloads of building materials .
The expense of the Estero is expensive .
The expense of the Estero is expensive .
The expense of the Estero waters is very expensive .
Officials expect it will be up to a year .
There are no precise estimates because before removing the 5 miles of oyster racks .
It shows federal , state and local agencies will have to agree on a plan that ensures no harm to plants or animals .
Much of that planning will fall to Ben Becker .
He recently launched a small boat into the wind-chopped from the fog-sh rolling hills of the seashore .
It will help him figure out how to wrench out an extensive network of oyster racks .
It will help him figure out how to wrench out an extensive network of oyster oyster .
The camera will help him figure out how to wrench out an extensive network of oyster racks are held up by roughly 4,700 wooden posts sunk into the Ester 's sandy bottom .
The weight of the water-log is estimated at 375 tons .
He lifting it out will likely require a powerful hoist .
He lifting it out will probably require a powerful hoist .
The weight of the water- major damage is estimated at 375 tons .
Already a crew on the water was removing the vestiges of the oyster and clam operation .
Already a crew on the water was removing the remains of the oyster and clam operation .
They were followed by a platoon of tiny marching crabs .
The Estero 's 2,500 acres are a natural refuge .
The Estero 's 2,500 acres are a natural refuge for seals .
They are believed to have moved to other areas .
They are believed to have moved to other areas .
Wildlife biologist David Press said that he does n't expect the seal population to suddenly increase because of the reoned by police .
Wildlife biologist David Press said that he does not expect the seal population to increase immediately .
Wildlife biologist David Press said that once the marine wilderness is restored , seals might come back to the Estero .
Once the area is restored , scientists think seals might come back to the Estero .
CARACAS , Venezuela — Venezuela is in charge of the county .
CARACAS , Venezuela — Venezuela is in charge of the county .
CARACAS , Venezuela — TheCARACAS , Venezuela has not found several hours in line .
It is also in the latest strain of Latin America .
As he waited in line at a supermarket in the Mercedes barrio in eastern Caracas , construction worker Ramon Diaz said what bothered him was that many subsidized goods .
Construction worker Ramon Diaz waited in line at a supermarket .
Construction worker Ramon Diaz waited in line at a supermarket in Caracas .
He said what bothered him was that many items such as milk .
The lines are not only growing longer but more violent .
But more violent , a sign of rising frustration , he said .
It 's a tougher , as people get more frustrated .
There 's a tougher and tougher , as people get more angry .
She avoids shopping in the del Tuy barrio .
The jungle jungle is what rules there is what rules there .
" Those who push , perhaps it does n't take everything and leave nothing for the rest of us , " he said .
She says that when it comes to the rest of us .
Among the few defenders of the government encountered in Thursday 's lines was Del Jose Newman .
Her few people standing in line who defended the government .
He was one of the few people standing in line who defended the government .
The late Hugo Chavez is among the still considerable supporters of the late Hugo Chavez .
They are still behind the government .
They is one of the many people who supported the late Hugo Chavez .
" The people in these lines buy more than they need , " he said .
" The people in these lines buy more than they need , " he said .
In his TV speech before the National Assembly on Wednesday night , Maduro defended the law .
Maduro has repeatedly blamed the United States for his country 's economic problems .
He said the United States is producing more oil to drive down its price .
Zulay Gutierrez , a hotel that was interviewed as she stood as she stood in line to buy diapers at a drugstore in the Candelaria .
He also announced a 15 percent increase in the minimum wage .
President Maduro announced an increase in the minimum wage for workers .
President Maduro announced an increase in the minimum wage for workers .
President Maduro said the cost of workers will go up .
The minimum wage is the least someone can get paid for doing a job .
He stood in line at a Farmatodo drug store in the Santa Fe shopping center .
He was not thinking about those details as he stood in line at a drug store .
" This is how I live every day , standing in line for milk and diapers .
" This is how I live every day , standing in line for milk and diapers , " he said .
He says he spends every day standing in line for milk and diapers .
CHICAGO — Imagine a video game that is in the middle of the game .
He grew up fascinated by games from " Callabe " to " Callful , " and evaded his mom 's screen time limits .
Now that he 's 21 , he spends up to four hours a day battling enemies in the virtual arena .
Yet he was an honor student and a member of the debate team at suburban Downers Grove North High School .
Yet he was an honor student and a member of the debate team at Downers Grove North High School .
These accomplishments did n't come in spite of gaming , Rivera said in a way .
It has found surprising advantages in an activity that many dismiss as a waste of time .
Social scientists have recently linked gaming with enhanced mental skills .
Social scientists have recently linked gaming with enhanced mental skills .
Scientists have recently linked gaming with better brain power .
" We 're working on understanding " what aspects of gaming could be " breaking up for the betterment of society . "
She is a doctor in New York .
She is a doctor in New York .
She researches video games at a hospital in New York .
You could try to shut down it .
Researchers have done thousands of studies .
Researchers have done thousands of studies on gaming since the 1980s .
Researchers have done thousands of studies on gaming since the 1980s .
Professors have done thousands of studies on gaming since the 1980s .
Some associated video games with an increased risk of material .
When a new generation of scholars more familiar with the technology comes along , different results often appear as well as what is happening with gaming , he said .
When a new generation of scientists more familiar with a technology comes along , said Christopher Ferguson , a professor at Stetson .
With a new generation of scientists more familiar with technology , different results often appear in studies , said Christopher Ferguson .
Different results have often appeared , said Christopher Ferguson .
Ferguson has done dozens of studies on the subject .
Ferguson has consistently found that violent video games do not help anger .
Ferguson has found that violent video games do not make kids more violent .
Ferguson found that violent video games do not necessarily make violent .
Some kids may play violent games .
Some kids may play violent games .
Some kids may play violent games .
" My speculation is that maybe kids turn to video games cath , or it could just be that they 're busy , " he said .
Because they are busy playing video games , " they do n't have time to bully other kids , " he said .
It could also be that they are busy playing games , " so they do n't have time to bully kids , " he said .
They also might be so busy " they do n't have time to bully other kids , " he said .
Youth survey information she examined that they play video games for an average of three to six hours a day .
She found that they play video games for an average of three to six hours a day .
Yet professor Chennan found that those who play video games for three to six hours a day were healthier than those who played less .
But she guessed that gaming might be more calories than watching TV .
It might not be as likely to pick up a snack or a soda .
She believes that "Gaming might burn more calories than just watching TV .
Kids playing video games move around more than if they were watching TV , she said .
It also may be that kids holding a controller are not as likely to pick up a snack or a soda .
They also seemed to be less likely to pick up a snack .
He spends up to seven hours a day on a day on the game .
He is a student at Andrew High School in Illinois .
He spends up to seven hours a day on a play .
But " many times I do n't feel the need to eat as much , even though it takes a lot of my energy , " he said .
When he go on long gaming streaks , many times I do n't feel the need to eat as much , he said .
But when he ends up long gaming without a streaks .
But , they have found that the sign was thicker and gray matter .
But , the process has found that the brain 's outbreak is linked to a person 's personality .
Simone organized changes to the Max Planck Institute .
She found that the brain 's brain could n't stay in people who play games .
She found that areas of the brain grow stronger in people who play games .
It can help improve a person 's vision .
Not everyone is sold on the good findings .
Not everyone is sold on the idea that gaming is good for you .
He said " the " the information " ispaced . "
He said that studies generally do not compare gaming with other activities .
He has studied the subject at Columbia University in New York .
He has studied gaming in New York .
Doug Bakis was dubious of the value of video games when his son Noah began to shut himself in his room to play the likes of " Minecraft " Minecraft . "
Doug Bakis doubted the value of video games when his son began to play " Minecraft " and other games for hours at a time .
Doug Bakis questioned the value of video games when his son Noah began to play " Minecraft . "
Doug Bakis questioned the value of gaming when his son began to play for hours at a time .
But Noah , who has Asper 's syndrome , started to show a more open personality .
But Noah , who has Asper 's syndrome , a disability that affects social skills .
But Noah , who has Asper 's syndrome , started opening up more .
The old piece of a social skills affects his social skills .
" ( Games ) helped me discover " what my inner ethics are , what choices I would make in particular situations , " he said .
You can grow emotional and make the characters , not a bad thing .
" You can grow emotional pieces to the characters , and that 's not a bad thing , " he said .
But she said that 's not a bad thing .
GBAHDAD — The group of Mosul earlier this month is on a mission to destroy a familiar enemy : Other people 's ideas .
GBAHDAD — When members of the Islamic State group invaded the Central Library of Mosul earlier this month , they were on a mission to destroy other people 's ideas .
Still , a group of extremist members invaded the Islamic State group Mosul 's Central Library .
Still , a group of extremist members of the Islamic State group Mosul 's Central Library .
People say extremists and others have protected the biggest messages of learning in Iraq .
People say the extremists were protected in the world .
People say the men were planning the locks .
It is the largest in the Iraqi city of Mosul .
They put their stories on sports , health , and science — into six pickup trucks .
Then they loaded 2,000 books .
They included books and books .
They left only Islamic texts .
Only Islamic texts were left behind .
So they will be burned , a bearded militant in traditional Afghani two-piece clothing told people , according to one man living nearby who spoke to The Associated Press .
So they will be burned , a bearded Islamic State official said .
So they will be burned , a bearded Islamic State official said .
Since the Islamic State group seized one-third of Iraq and neighboring Syria , they have sought to purge society that does n't follow their violent interpretation of Islam .
The Islamic State group is also known as ISIS or ISIL .
The Islamic State group is also known as ISIS or ISIL .
The Islamic State group has been fighting in Iraq and Syria .
They already have destroyed many archaeological relics .
Increasingly books are in the firing line .
In the chaos that followed the U.S.-led invasion of 2003 that toppled Saddam Hussein , residents near the Central Library hid some of its centuries-old manuscripts in their own homes .
But this time , the Islamic State group has made the penalty for such actions death .
Presumed destroyed are the Central Library 's collection of Iraqi newspapers to the early 20th century .
Days after the Central Library ' ransacking , fighters broke into University of Mosul ' library .
Days after the Central Library ' rans were arrested , Islamic State members broke into the University of Mosul ' library .
It made a bonfire out of hundreds of books .
They were using hundreds of books on science and culture .
The first were at hundreds of books and burned them .
It said the Islamic State group started wrecking the collections of other public libraries last month .
It said the Islamic State group started wrecking the collections of other libraries last month .
It said the extremists started wrecking the collections of other libraries last month .
It said that Islamic State members had started attacking libraries last month .
He said the library of the library is a Sunni Muslim library .
It was a Sunni Muslim library , the library of the library 's Latin Church .
The professor said Islamic State group appeared determined to " change the face of this city ... by erasing its famous buildings and history . "
He said the Islamic State group " considers culture , civilization and science as their fierce enemies . "
Al-Zamili , who leads the parliament 's Security and Defense Committee , compared the Islamic State group to not make a deal .
Al-Zamili , who leads Iraq 's Security and Defense Committee , compared the Islamic State group .
Al-Zamili compared the Islamic State group .
Libraries ' ancient collections of works on history , medicine and astronomy were dumped into the Tigris River .
Back then , libraries ' ancient collections of works on history .
Back then , ancient collections of works on history , medicine and astronomy were dumped into the Tigris River by the botifols .
The only difference is that the books are in the Tigris River .
The only difference is that the books are in the Tigris River .
The only difference is that the books are in the Tigris River .
The 304-page book will be Lee 's second , and the first new work in more than 50 years .
It plans to make a first 3 million copies .
It is planning a first printing of 2 million copies .
It is planning to print 2 million copies to start .
In the mid-1950s , I completed a book called ' Go Set a Watchman , " ' the 88-year-old Lee said in a statement .
In the mid-1950s , I completed a book called ' Go Set a Watchman , " ' Lee , 88 , said .
In the mid-1950s , I completed a book called ' Go Set a Watchman , " ' said Lee , 88 .
In the mid-1950s , I completed a book called ' Go Set a Watchman , " ' said Lee , who is 88 .
I had n't realized it ( the original book ) had survived .
The deal was negotiated between Carter and the head of Harper 's parent company , Michael Morrison .
The new book is set in Lee 's famed Mayion .
But " To Kill A Mockingbird " is set in the 1930s .
But " To Kill A Mockingbird " is set in the 1930s .
She said that the civil rights movement was taking hold by the time she was working on " Watchman . "
The Supreme Court had ruled in 1953 that segregated schools were unconstitutional .
The Supreme Court ruled in 1953 that segregated schools separated by race .
In 1953 , the Supreme Court ruled that segregated schools — schools separated by race .
In 1953 , the Supreme Court ruled that schools could not separate black students .
The arrest of Rosa Parks in 1955 led to the yearlong bus boycott .
Rosa Parks was arrested in 1955 , leading to the yearlong Montgomery boycott .
Rosa Parks was arrested in 1955 for refusing to give up her bus seat to a white passenger .
That led to the Montgomery bus boycott .
She 's a visit to her father , Atticus , the publisher 's announcement .
He lived in New York in the 1950s .
He had lived in New York in the 1950s .
The publisher will be released as she first wrote with no revisions .
The " To Kill a Mockingbird " is among the most beloved novels in history .
He said : " To Kill A Mockingbird " is one of the most beloved novels in history .
It was released on July 11 , 1960 , won the Pulitzer Prize .
It was released on July 11 , 1960 .
But the novel has become a standard for reading clubs and middle schools and high schools .
The book has been occasionally banned over the years because of its language .
The absence of a second book from Lee only seemed to fight " Mockingbird . "
The fact that " To Kill A Mockingbird " was Harper Lee 's only book only being held .
She has rarely spoken to the media since the 1960s .
She has rarely spoken to the media since the 1960s .
At the time , she told one reporter she wanted " to leave some record of small-town , middle-class Southern life . "
The idea is " an extraordinary gift to the many readers . '
The new book also will be available in an electronic edition .
The new book also will be available as an electronic edition .
The new book also will be available as an e-book .
The new book also will be available as an e-book .
Lee has openly stated her preference for paper , but surprised fans last year by agreeing that " Mockingbird " to be released as an e-book .
Lee has openly expressed her preference for paper , but surprised fans last year .
Still , she surprised fans last year .
Still , she surprised fans by allowing " To Kill A Mockingbird " to be released as an e-book .
PARIS — The French government launched a new effort Thursday to heal social fractures .
PARIS — The French government launched a new effort on Friday .
Prime Minister Manuel Valls shocked many this week by referring to a " territorial . "
Prime Minister Manuel Valls shocked many by referring to a " territorial , ethnic " divide that especially affects the " ban down the ban .
Many Muslims here are from former French colonies .
Valls for special government meeting Thursday to tackle this societal .
The government will tackle this divide in society .
The proposals that emerged focus on schools , which Valls calls an important link .
The proposals that emerged focus on schools , which Valls calls an " essential link " in transmitting French values of tolerance and freedom .
Concern about schools jumped to the forefront of national debate after some children refused to not right for silence .
7-9 attacks on a stand-9 attacks .
In suburbs northeast of Paris on Thursday , many could understand why some children did not agree on the moment of silence .
Many in the suburbs do not understand why some children did not watch silence .
" People were killed in the housing projects by police , " he said .
" People were killed in the housing projects by police , and there was no minute of silence " for them , said Steve D. John N.C. He lives in Clichy-Boisy .
Two teenagers from immigrant backgrounds were killed in a power .
Two teenagers from immigrant backgrounds were killed in Clichy-Bois in 2005 .
Similar incidents have caused smaller riots in other cities in the 10 years .
He said the prime minister 's plans to fix poverty and social anger is a " dream . "
She says they will increase by 20 percent .
The idea is to teach children how to handle modern media , for example .
Every secondary school will be requested to develop its own radio , or blog .
Schools will be requested to develop their own radio stations , newspapers , blogs , or blogs .
It will be requested to develop their own radio , newspaper or blog .
It will be asked to start their own radio stations and newspapers .
And they are not France 's first effort to tackle problems in the suburbs .
The ideas are not France 's first effort to tackle problems in the suburbs .
restrest first started in 1990 .
Soaring unemployment , a high crime rate and even not a deep sense of inequality .
The situation in the suburban housing projects defies France 's model for integration .
The model assumes that all colors , races and creeds will blend into a single people .
It 's illegal to count people in France by ethnic or religious background .
It is forbidden to count people in France by ethnic or religious background .
Yet it is French officialdom that pushed newcomers into suburban projects where today dozens of nationalities mostly cling to their roots .
When he was president , Nicolas Sarkozy made fixing the suburbs a priority .
It included $ 728 to create new trains and tramways .
The officers included more police .
There is no clear record of how assiduously it was taken .
There is no clear record of how well the plan happens .
It remains a different universe from the gilded pal .
It remains a different universe from the government .
Even police enter with caution to a zone where drug dealers and teenage thugs hold sway .
Some doctors and postal workers refuse to venture inside .
Some improvements are visible in suburbs that received attention after the 2005 riots .
It was one of the toughest projects in the Paris region .
It has seen its high-rises .
It was destroyed by a large apartment buildings that were scarred with graffiti .
The huge apartment buildings in one of the toughest projects in the Paris region have been torn down .
He had little hope that the current government would do better than its predecessors .
He had little hope that the current government would do better than past ones .
Samir playing in baseball is a cafe in Les Bosquets .
Samir playing in baseball is a cafe in one of the suburbs .
The 29-year-old had little hope that the government would do better than the one before .
But here on the gray concrete of the projects , he added , " there is n't any . "
LOS ANGELES — State workers performed a California winter winter winter season last week .
LOS ANGELES — California workers poked hollow aluminum tubes into meadows of the Sierra Nevada mountain range to measure the snowpack .
LOS ANGELES — California workers poked hollow aluminum tubes into Sierra Nevada meadows to measure the snowpack of the snowpack .
LOS ANGELES — California workers poked hollow tubes into Sierra Nevada meadows to measure the amount of snow .
It means that " this in the future , " said Jeffrey Mount .
Scientists say the state 's mountain snowpack could shrink by a third .
Scientists say the snow will shrink by a third .
Scientists say the state 's mountain snow is huge .
Scientists say the snowpack could shrink as a result .
By the end of the century , more than half of a huge reservoir could disappear .
About half of the state 's snowpack , and a huge source of fresh water could disappear .
About half of the snow will disappear .
Scientists think that more than half of the snowpack could disappear .
But that does n't mean nature will provide less water to the Golden State .
But that does n't mean nature will provide less water to the Golden State .
Instead , rain and less as snow wash through mountain runoff .
On Thursday , the snowpack is one of the most average for this time of year .
On Thursday , the snowpack is just 25 percent of average for this time of year .
On Thursday , it was just 25 percent of the average for this time .
But the snowpack is still bathing .
But the snowpack is still bathing .
A dry January is partly to blame .
A dry January is partly to blame .
On average , the peak California snowpack holds about 15 million acre-feet of water .
On average , it is equal to about 15 million acre-feet water .
At its peak , the California snowpack is about 15 million acre-feet of water .
At its peak , California snowpack holds about 15 million acre-feet of water .
That is enough to fill Shasta Lake , the state 's largest reservoir , more than three times .
It melts over the course of months , trickling down mountains and nearby reservoirs .
The snow melts over several months .
The snow melts over several months .
Normally , the snow melts over several months .
The trickles down mountains and water reservoirs are in the spring and early summer .
Rain , on the other hand , " has to be stopped immediately .
You ca n't wait , " Kelly said .
You ca n't wait , " Kelly said .
You ca n't wait , " Kelly said .
Dealing with the rain was not a problem in December , when storms powered by giant ribbons of water vapor .
Dealing with the rain was not a problem in December .
Three years of severe drought meant that big reservoirs had plenty of water to swallow the surge of runoff .
Three years of damage is being considered that big reservoirs had plenty of room to handle rainwater .
The reservoirs had plenty of room to absorb the water .
California has suffered three years of severe drought .
With climate change , " there could be more water coming off in the winter period than the present system is equipped to handle , " said Dan Cayan .
Due to climate change , though , there could soon be more rain in winter than California 's water system could handle .
There could be more rain in winter than California 's water system .
He added that a 1-degree Fahrenheit rise in the 1950s are California and the West 5 percent to 10 percent of the springpack .
Cayan added that the 1-degree Fahrenheit temperature rise since the 1950s already has reduced 5 percent to 10 percent of the spring snowpack in California and the West .
It could literally require an act of Congress .
Dams are operated to a fairly rigid set of rules .
Dams are operated a set of rules for each reservoir by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and written into federal law .
The state Department of Water and the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation , the two agencies operate most of California 's large stages .
If an atmospheric river was headed for the Sierra , for instance , managers could adjust the reservoir levels to make sure they captured .
If heavy rains were headed for the Sierra , for instance , reservoir levels could be adjusted to catch the increased runoff .
The water could be released from the reservoirs to make room .
If heavy rains were headed for the Sierra , for instance , water levels in reservoirs could be lowered to make room for them .
Filling up reservoirs in the winter may lead to flooding downstream during spring storms .
The ice may cause flooding during spring storms .
The ice may be full of water during spring storms .
" Who wants to be the responsible person for not having that flood space in the reservoir ? " asked by the county .
" Who wants to be the responsible person for not having that flood space in the reservoir ? " asked American studies at Santa Clara University .
Many experts say an obvious solution is to build more storage .
Many experts say an obvious solution is to build more water storage .
But California should be able to increase groundwater or both places ?
" But if it 's managed well , it should not be a disaster , " she said .
FRESNO , Calif . — Last winter school is not stopped .
FRESNO , Calif . — Last winter high school is not a problem .
Fifth grade is n't large or wealthy .
Fifth grade is not rich or large .
Nearly three-quarters of the children are low .
About half are English learners and nearly three-quarters are low .
About half of them are English learners .
Nearly 100 percent of the students have joined by America ( FFA ) .
Nearly 100 percent of the students have joined together .
The students compete against schools five times their size .
She is one of three agriculture teachers at the school .
She is part of the change happening to make agriculture part of the school 's classes .
Already , Laton has replaced its traditional science classes .
Already , Laton has gotten into its regular science classes .
She has replaced regular science classes with farm science .
She admits that a few parents did not want their children .
She admits that a few parents did not want their children involved in FFA .
She is in charge of the Edwards 's best schools .
He admits that a few parents did not want their children involved in FFA .
Audet estimates that the high school is about three to four years away from an entire ag-based curriculum .
FFA participation is among the highest of any school in the Valley .
They happily feed the pigs , beef cows and any other animals that are being raised .
Twins Julisa and Melisa 's seniors and managers are the school farm who happily feed the pigs , beef cows and any other animals .
Twins Julisa and Melisa and Melisa are all over the school farm .
Twins Julisa and Melisa and Melisa are all over the school 's farm .
The work may be tough and sometimes messy , but it 's something they enjoy .
The work may be tough and sometimes messy , they say .
Jesus Garcia , a junior , said he began taking an ag mechanics class and joined the farm power team because of ag teacher Johnny Lopes .
Freshman Isabel Garcia , who describes herself as shy , said the FFA 's public speaking her comfort zone .
Freshman Isabel Garcia said the FFA ' public team pushed her beyond her comfort zone .
Isabel Garcia is a freshman freshman freshman freshman .
The classes help them get a sense of belonging to a sense of belonging .
The competitive teams spend lots of time together , practicing and at competitions .
The students spend lots of time together , practicing and at competitions .
" It becomes like part of your family , " said following Green 's singer , a sophomore .
The students say that as part of the school 's FFA .
The students say they have also been given the chance to travel .
The students have also been given the chance to travel and visit colleges .
" Some of our kids would n't be able to travel outside of Laton if it were n't for us , " she said .
She is also occasionally their ride or the source of a meal .
She is also occasionally their ride or the source of a meal .
She is occasionally gives them rides home or a meal .
But she was competing against 130 other FFA students .
No longer do other schools snicker at Laton High since they have become a force to be reckoned .
Tiny high school is a force of FFA .
One chilly evening not long ago , a group of police officers is stopped by the police .
People say they want to keep it that way .
" We know what happened nationally could happen right here , " he said .
He is the African-American .
LONDON — The shooting death of unarmed 18-year-old Michael Brown was shot by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri .
He was killed by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri .
LLopez 's death led the U.S. church and towns across America to re-evaluate the way police deal with African-Americans .
Brown 's death led cities and towns across America to take a close look at the way police treat African-Americans .
After the Ferguson teen 's death , towns and cities across America took a close look at how police treat black people .
But a few young black men have been profiled or harassed by police .
It has not experienced a similar situation .
But a young black men have been profiled or harassed by police , said the Reverend Rogerase .
However , a few young black men have been profiled or bothered by police .
He told him had been discussing the same concerns .
Some people fear the police will be afraid that the police are as fearful as fearful as the citizens .
At the City Hall meeting , Khristerson , 18 , listened very police officers .
At the City Hall meeting , Khristerson , 18 , listened very police officers .
Roberson said he was stopped by a police officer last month .
Roberson is black , said he was stopped by a police officer last month .
Roberson is also black .
Roberson said he drove through a red light .
I was n't rude — I did n't want to annoy him , " Roberson said .
I was n't rude , " Roberson said .
He said his parents had often given him " the talk " — the careful instructions on dealing with police .
He said his parents had often given him " the talk " — the careful instructions on dealing with police .
Roberson said he granted the officer , who is also a black , permission to search his car .
Roberson said he gave permission to the officer who was also black .
Roberson said he let the officer search for the search .
Roberson said he let the officer go without a ticket .
" But my mom thought I might have been profiled , " he said .
" I thought I was treated OK , " he said .
" I thought I was treated OK , " Roberson said .
After listening to the police presentation , Roberson said it helped refresh his memory of how to behave when police .
After listening to the police presentation , Roberson said it helped refresh his memory about how to behave when police .
Roberson said the police presentation was a good reminder .
Roberson said the police will remind him how to act during a police stop .
Ormani Muckle , 17 , said Roberson was good to hear the police position straight from them .
What 's a " threatening motion " ?
Can you videotape an encounter with police ?
Should you tell you if you have a weapon ?
What have police learned from the deaths in Ferguson and New York ?
The officers answered elliptically , choosing their words carefully : Yes , you can videotape the police .
No , police are not allowed to popularity citizens .
There is no profile , but no one can not be allowed to popularity .
A " threatening motion " is one sudden movement .
As for the Ferguson and New York question , police Lt. Henry King responded , " To have programs like this and partner with the community .
Someone asked if police were permitted to draw a weapon on an unarmed suspect .
He said officers may use deadly force if physically threatened by a suspect who is bigger and stronger .
He said officers may use deadly force if physically threatened by a suspect who is bigger and stronger .
" Remember , police officers do not have to absorb a severe beating in the line of duty , " King said .
The chief looked out at the crowd .
He said the police were the public and the public are the public .
A new life seeks to be one of the richest countries in the U.S.
He enjoyed the ability to walk down a street without raising the suspicions of gunmen .
Once in the United States , he was free to walk down the street .
In the United States , Abdullateef was free to walk down the street with his oud slung over his shoulder .
The finding for protection requests from people who fear for their lives if they return to their homelands has grown clogged from worsening conflicts of the Middle East .
The finding for protection requests has grown clogged .
Abdulateef 's case might seem like a no- no-known mission .
The goal of the protection program is to provide sanctuary — for foreigners who face serious dangers .
He 'd already received a U.S. visa in the first place .
He had already gone through comprehensive security checks before he received a visa to visit the United States in the first place .
But Washington immigration lawyer David Garfield .
Washington immigration lawyer David Garfield , who took on the ground are not enough for a quick decision .
He is a man who helped U.S. forces sort through evidence against members of Saddam Hussein 's Baath Party .
Garfield is representing other Iraqis with similarly strong cases : female doctors fleeing threats .
Garfield is representing other Iraqis who also have strong cases : female doctors fleeing kidnapping threats .
Garfield is representing other Iraqis who also have strong cases .
Their cases have mostly eaten nearly a year .
He wrote that they will determine their futures .
Their cases have dragged on for nearly a year .
The cases have dragged on for nearly a year .
According to figures from U.S. supporters , the government handles the number of Iraqi asylum requests rose to 1,500 years ago .
ImmImmigrants in the United States are handled by U.S. and not always follow the law .
The number of deaths dropped by 84 to 82 percent .
The most recent figures show that more than 1,300 cases are open .
There are more than 1,300 Iraqi asylum cases still open .
It 's right to Iraq .
It 's clear that in Iraq and other artists , 23 , faces life-threatening dangers if he returns to Iraq .
His trip to the United States may even have made things worse .
He delighted American musicians by playing football on his oud , and they introduced him to the train .
But the cultural exchange that brought him to the United States was sponsored mostly by the State Department .
The United States was sponsored mostly by the State Department .
He learned of the asylum route through conversations with American friends .
He did not come to the United States with the idea of applying for asylum and only learned of his friends .
He did not come to the United States with the idea of applying for asylum .
He learned of his asylum from American friends .
He learned of his asylum from American friends .
A bold punishment is his experiences and a great country where basic freedoms are protected .
His experiences are unique , but they also echo the dreams of many Iraqis who hope to live in a country where basic freedoms are protected .
His experiences are unique , but they also echo the faded .
But they also echo the faded of many Iraqis who dream of living in a country where basic freedoms are protected .
He hoped that he could do more to advance Iraqi musicianship outside the country .
" All I want is to be safe from fear and be able to continue my musical career , " he said .
Five children at a hospital in suburban Chicago have been diagnosed with the disease .
Five babies at a day care center near Chicago have been found .
Five babies at a day care center near Chicago have come down with the measles measles since Chicago .
Five babies get a disease that can be dangerous for the disease
Public health officials are investigating the cluster of measles cases at the center in northwest suburban Palatine , Illinois .
The other three were test results .
All five children under the age of 1 .
That five babies are under the age of 1 .
When kids are under the age of 1 , they are too young to be vaccinated .
All five babies are under the age of 1 .
The announcement comes as a week after Cook County officials announced the first case this year .
The announcement comes after the state 's first case of measles was confirmed .
The outbreak comes about a week after Illinois confirmed its first case of measles this year .
About a week ago , Illinois discovered its first case of measles this year .
At the time , officials listed three locations where others might have been exposed to the patient in mid .
Cook County officials say it 's not clear if the adult is linked to the children at the day care .
Cook County officials say it 's not clear if the measles case is linked to the children at the day care center .
Health officials say the disease is not clear if the babies got measles .
Health officials do not know if the disease spreads .
Cook County officials say any person who is measles may call their local health department and their doctor .
Measles is a highly contagious disease that can cause severe health complications .
Measles is a highly contagious disease .
It 's transmitted by contact with an infected person through coughing or sneezing .
It 's spread by contact with an infected person through coughing or sneezing .
It is spread through coughing and sneezing .
It is spread through coughing and sneezing .
It is moving from four days before their rash starts through four days afterward .
It is moving from four days before their rash starts through four days afterward .
It is moving through four days before the rash starts through four days afterward .
The measles is spread by coughing and sneezing .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , American Academy of Pediatrics , and American Academy of Family Physicians all recommend that children get their first dose ( measles-mumps ) at 12 months old .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , American Academy of Pediatrics , and American Academy of Pediatrics are American Academy of Pediatrics .
Medical groups say that children should get their first dose of the island .
Doctors groups say children should get their first their first-known experience .
It is not receiving the first fix of its first dose , according to the CDC .
Despite this , one child in 12 in the United States is not receiving the first fix of life .
Even though this , one child in 12 in the United States does not get the first fix of life .
Still , one child in 12 does not get the first dose of moving things .
The disease is among the most contagious of all diseases , Wheeler said .
Unvaccinated children are among the most likely to get measles , said Dr. Wendell Hospital in Harvey .
Unvaccinated children are among the most likely to get measles , said Dr. Wendell Hospital in Illinois .
An unvaccinated child is more likely to catch the measles and spread it to others , said Dr. Wendell who live in the ocean 's family .
If your child has only the first dose of the measles vaccine , he or she may not be fully protected .
If a child has only the first dose of the measles vaccine , he or she may not be fully protected .
If a child gets only the first dose of the measles vaccine , he or she may not be fully protected .
If a child has only the first dose of the measles vaccine , the child may not be fully protected .
About 5 to 10 percent do not develop an immune response after one dose , said Dr. Tina Tan .
She said that " If given at the appropriate interval and age , after two doses of measles vaccine a person is considered protected for life , " she said .
Children who get both measles vaccines at the right age are protected , she said .
Children who get both vaccines at the right age are " considered protected for life , " she said .
Those who are too young to get vaccinated are protected .
Those who are too young to get vaccinated are protected by the vast majority of people who are vaccinated .
However , when the vaccination rate below 95 percent , a community loses its herd to their diseases , Tan explained .
Statewide , the percentage of school children who have remained about 98 percent over the past 10 years .
But that includes both those who got the vaccine and those who officially asked for religious reasons .
Sheather Robinson took her 15-month-old for the county .
Sheather Robinson took her 15-month-old daughter for the county .
The child broke out into a rash that covered every inch of her body .
The child broke out into a rash that covered every inch of her body , " it was even in her ears , " said her mother , who lives in Homewood .
The child broke out into a rash that covered every inch of her body may be even in her ears , said Robinson , who lives south of Chicago .
The child broke out into a rash that is covered every inch of her body .
I thought it was measles .
It turned out to be a reaction to the shot .
The rash turned out to be just a reaction to the shot .
" I have friends who do n't vaccinate … they admit that they 're depending on others to be responsible , " he said .
WASHINGTON — Alfreida Colvin leads an elementary school that encourages reading every way it can .
WASHINGTON — Texas principal Alfreida Colvin encourages reading every way she can .
So when the United Way called up with an offer to donate a reading nook , books for students to keep .
So when the United Way offered to give her school a reading nook .
The United States gave the school a reading nook .
United Way 's new early reading program , Club Adtop-a-School .
She asked him to make a little curtain for a door .
Colwin 's top team asked his menus to make a little curtain for a door .
Colwin 's team asked football to make a little curtain for a door on the cubbyhole .
Scholastic is the children 's publisher .
He added a big stuffed lion .
Parents read to children when they read school lunch at school .
The parents read to children in the class .
Parents read to children there on the days they have lunch at school .
O ' Dowd is chief executive and president of fancy Entertainment .
O ' Dowd is chief executive and president of Hollywood .
The creator of the new United Way program , Bill O ' Dowd , is chief executive and president of investigating young people .
The creator of the new United Way program is Bill O ' Dowd .
She is a partnership between the United Way and a National Association of Elementary School Principals .
He said the work is part of a recent thing to make sweeping changes in society .
He said the work is part of a trend among charities to try sweeping changes in society .
The United Way decided to show that teen pregnancy , prisons and crime dropouts .
The United Way decided to show that stopping teen pregnancy is helping kids avoid a life of crime and prison .
It has long been known that high school improves the odds for a better life , O ' Dowd said .
Experts have long said that high school graduation improves the odds for a better life .
Experts have long said that graduating from high school improves the odds for a better life .
Research shows that reading classes lead to read by third grade is critical for later school success .
Research shows that reading by third grade is critical to read well .
Research shows that reading by third grade is critical to read well .
Research shows that the ability to read by third grade is critical for later school success .
That 's when children stop learning to read and begin reading , he said .
That 's when children stop learning to read and begin reading to learn , O 'Dowdow said .
The National Assessment of Educational Progress ( NAEP ) showed that only one in 2013 .
But it 's no secret that many students are behind 2013 .
But no secret that many students are behind .
Still , no secret that many students are behind .
O ' Dowd said he traveled to meet principals in many states .
The message he got that they wanted to keep children reading after school .
They wanted to keep children reading after school .
The new program was designed for the nation 's poorest schools .
It gives the students books and other resources they do n't have at home .
Parents sign their children to use the website .
Parents register their children to use the website .
The United Way sends the parents emails about the importance of reading .
The website is designed to work on phones , because many families do n't have computers , but just about everyone has a phone , he added .
But Dowd said the cost was about $ 10,000 per school .
The Fort Worth donors included crazy , said Emily 's president .
" There 's definitely a great need in Tarrant County , and we 'd love to provide these resources for all of our schools , " she said .
The situation became painful in the aftermath of Cy Conservila in 2009 .
The situation became particularly bad after Cy beforehand .
After 2009 , vegetable planted in the ground there yielded only meager returns — if they did n't fail completely .
But for the past three years hundreds of villagers have enjoyed the bounty of so-called vertical gardens — essentially crops grown in a variety of containers .
For the past three years , hundreds of villagers have managed to grow crops in " vertical gardens . "
For the past three years , hundreds of villagers have found a new way to grow crops .
For the past three years , hundreds of villagers have found a new way to farm .
Shak explore Debnath , a 30-year-old resident of the South America , says hers generated nearly 200 pounds this summer .
She says her gardens are generated nearly 440 pounds of fruits and vegetables this summer .
As a delta formed by three of Asia 's largest rivers , Bangladesh is naturally .
The rivers is at or below sea level .
It is one of the world 's most densely populated countries .
The loss of usable land is a pressing concern in Bangladesh .
The loss of usable land is a pressing concern .
The loss of usable land is a huge problem .
The world 's most densely populated countries are on the island .
The chances goes to a living in a space about the size of Iowa .
There are about half the population of the United States .
It 's a simple way that the rural poor can adapt to climate change and increase food supply .
The poor can increase their food supply .
The hope is that the Cuban gardens can increase food supply in Bangladesh .
It is why farmers in Bangladesh have started using the large gardens in Bangladesh .
They hope that the vertical gardens can increase the country 's food supply .
Working with local nonprofits , WorldFish about 200 villagers in four districts in southwestern Bangladesh .
Working with local nonprofits , WorldFish about 200 villagers in four districts in southwestern Bangladesh .
Working with local groups , WorldFish about 200 villagers in southwestern Bangladesh .
Fish that will send 5,000 people over the next two years .
Growing the early gardens is a straightforward process .
Growing the vertical gardens is relatively straightforward .
Growing the garden is easy .
They put the soil into containers .
The result is a garden like the one that belongs to Shobitha Debna .
Shobitha Debna was a 35-year-old mother in her mother .
Shobitha Debna was a 35-year-old mother in Arizona and has a vertical garden .
The garden 's dirt yard , yet it yields hundreds of pumpkins , gourds a green beans .
Nevertheless , each season produces hundreds of pounds of pumpkins .
Nevertheless , each season produces hundreds of pounds of pumpkins .
Extra food like this goes a long way for the rural poor in Bangladesh .
She goes a long way for the rural in Bangladesh , who eke out a living on a day .
Finding enough water for her garden can be a challenge , she admits .
LOS ANGELES — This year is shaping up to be a brutal one of the California sea lion .
Sick , abandoned pups showed up in alarming , on beaches in January .
The school 's staff are showing up in alarming numbers on California beaches .
LOS ANGELES — Rescu are finding a huge number of baby lions .
The school that does not have a turning time on California beaches .
" Their growth is stun Johnson , " said Shawn Johnson , head of veterinary science at the Marine Mammal Center in Sa .
He cares for animals at the Marine Mammal Center in Satopito , California .
But pups are n't the only ones in trouble .
But pups are not the only ones in trouble .
The pups are not the only ones in trouble .
California marine mammal rehabilitation centers last month treated numbers of sea lions .
California marine mammal rehabilitation centers in January treated numbers of sea lions .
" We 've had 67 strandings of sea lions of all different ages , " Johnson said .
He would see one , maybe two , sea lions in the entire month of January .
In an normal year , his rescue center would see one .
Normally , they would see just one or two sea lions in the entire month .
He said that " It 's a real shock to us . "
The shock " was a real shock to us , " he said .
It 's shaping up to be a very , very bad year as far as rehabilitation , said David Bard .
He is the head of the Marine Mammal Care Center .
He is with the Marine Mammal Care Center in Los Angeles .
He is with the Marine Mammal Care Center .
There were 75 animals that were 75 feet of the end of January .
At the end of January , there were 75 sea animals .
At the end of January , there were 75 sea lions at the center .
Scientists thought there was a huge number of strandings in 2013 .
Scientists thought the huge number of strandings in 2013 was one-time event .
" But then it happened again last year , and now it 's happening again , " he said .
" But then it happened again last year , and now it 's happening again , " he said .
Sa Borderito 's Marine Mammal Center , which averages 600 animals a year , responded to 1, attract Americans .
Sa Borderito 's Marine Mammal Center in Northern California averages 600 animals a year .
Last year , Johnson said .
There have been 60 years since 1991 .
At first , the U.S. Department declared that the United States was now moving up for various marine mammals since 1991 .
A cause has been determined in 29 of those cases , according to a government report .
But since 1996 , biotoxins from harmful algae blooms have been to blame for the UME .
But since 1996 , it has caused the majority of the UME , NOAA said .
California sea lions were dug up in the 19th and early 20th centuries .
California sea lions were killed in the 19th century .
The Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 led to dramatic increases in the populations of marine mammals , Johnson said .
The Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 led to dramatic increases in the populations of sea lions .
The Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 protected sea lions .
The Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 protected sea lions .
And the population is now abundant — 300,000 , said NASA Fisheries spokesman Jim Mil almost all of the burners .
The environment just may not be able to support a larger sea lion population .
After the 2013 UME , the Marine Mammal Care Center in San Pedro began fund to expand the facility .
After the 2013 UME , the Marine Mammal Care Center in San Pedro up its money to order to expand the center .
It is right for the animals .
The survey found that while 51 percent of families earning more than $ 60,000 per year , only 30 percent of lower-income families had a child playing school sports .
It found that 51 percent of families earning more than $ 60,000 each year reported having a child in sports .
It 's one way that kids can be physically active in an enjoyable way .
He conducted the survey , conducted in June , was done by the University of Michigan .
It found that 1 in 7 parents whose children were not in sports .
The survey found that 1 in 7 parents whose children were not in sports .
The survey found that the cost of playing sports is keeping many children from participating .
One in 7 parents whose children were not playing sports .
One in 7 parents whose children were not playing sports , one of the cost of fees was a reason .
Sports participation among lower-income students decreased .
Even among parents in the higher-income families , nearly 1 in 10 parents said their child had decreased .
Almost 1 in 10 parents said their child had decreased sports participation .
Almost 1 in 10 parents said their child had become less involved in sports .
Other factors playing in community leagues rather than school teams may also play a part in a family 's decision to play in school sports .
Some families have kids play in community leagues .
Can't pay? Can the family can not afford to have kids play sports .
But the results are troubling .
Schools and parent groups are trying to help reduce costs .
Schools and parent groups are trying to help reduce costs .
Schools do help reduce costs for low-income students .
Clark said that schools do sometimes make lower fees for poorer students .
Yet they may fail to consider students who never bother out .
The poll found the average school sports participation fee was $ 126 per child .
The poll found the average school sports participation fee was $ 126 per child .
They paid more than $ 400 for their children 's participation .
However , some parents paid more than $ 400 for their children 's participation .
Clark , a mother of two boys who played several high school sports , knows about the cost first-hand .
Clark is the mother of two boys who played several different school sports .
Clark is the mother of two boys who played several different high school sports at the same time .
She knows about the cost of sports participation .
She knows all about the high cost of high school sports .
LOS ANGELES — One of the first things Steve Barnett did when he took the charge of Capitol Records in 2012 was to pull down all the framediest records .
" They were so burdened by the past they could n't think about the future , " said Barnett , 62 , who was president of Columbia Records .
People in the past that it could n't think about the future , Barnett said .
People in the past that it could not look ahead to the future , Barnett said .
The label is written by the Capitol Christian Music Group .
A key part of that improvement has been Barnett 's eye toward the future .
A key part of Capitol 's improvement has been Barnett 's eye toward the future .
In 2014 , Capitol had two of the biggest new artists of the year .
In 2014 , Capitol hired two of the biggest new artists of the year : singer Sam Smith and the boy 's team .
Smith and another Brit signing to Capitol , as they were nominated for best new artist for the 2015 .
Smith is among the nomination leaders with six of his album .
Smith received six nominations album , including the rare feat for a freshman artist .
Smith got six nominations for his album , including the rare feat for a new artist .
Smith got six nominations for his first album , including the rare accomplishment of a new artist being nominated in the top four awards : best record , album , song and new artist .
The company had suffered during the previous decade from the technological shifts — from physical CDs .
The music business has been hurt during the last decade .
The music business has been hurt by changes in the music business in the last 10 years .
She " was hiring the right CEO to actually play " in all .
The first step was to hire the right leader .
She said that the first step was to hire the right leader .
Early in his career Barnett was a talent manager for for for for special projects .
He hired Barnett , who had been a manager for several musicians .
In his three years running Columbia Records , the label introduced artists .
When he was running Records , the label introduced artists including British soul singer Adele , the boy 's singer .
When he was running Records , he worked with artists like the British soul singer Adele .
He was a big fan of some of their signature acts such as the Beatles , the Beach Boys and the Band .
As a kid growing up in England , Barnett liked some of Capitol 's most famous acts .
As a kid growing up in England , Barnett liked some of Capitol acts .
The move back to Los Angeles is taken from New York .
Smith 's album " In the commercial commercial in SoundScan 's overall top 10 sales tally for 2014 , behind only Taylor Swift 's blockbuster . "
" And Steve Barnett in America , " as soon as he met him was a done deal , Smith said .
Richard Griffiths manages football practice , and about both acts ' career prospects in the U.S. persuaded him to align with Columbia for One for One for One .
Richard Griffiths , who manages both groups signed with his record companies .
Richard Griffiths , manager of One textile pieces are all over the city .
She said , " You can walk around the building and you can figure it out . "
As part of that effort , the foundations named three individual families can choose all sugar-sweetened drinks from the diets of children .
She wanted to help kids grow up at a healthy weight .
The nation 's changed attitudes toward smoking and increased awareness of the importance of an important atmosphere .
Dr. Risao-Mourey is the president and chief executive of statistical analysis .
She is president of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation .
The foundation 's new $ 500 million contribution follows on a $ 500 million contribution .
Obama said progress since 2007 has included fast-food restaurants .
Since then , some fast-food restaurants have started .
In recent years , some fast-food restaurants have started .
" We 've seen the progress we can make , " Obama said .
" We 've seen the progress we can make when we educate parents and we help them make healthier decisions , " Obama said .
NEW YORK — The first time a network anchor has been stripped of his duties .
NEW YORK — Brian Williams , the anchor of NBC 's Night News , " has been taken off the air for six months .
NEW YORK — In the United States , people have been suspended from his show , " Nightly News , " for six months without pay .
NEW YORK — The rest of his performance is " Nightly . "
He was suspended without pay for pay for his role in a helicopter .
He is being punished for going on in Iraq .
He was punished for his description of being shot at in a helicopter .
The disciplinary action Tuesday was a stunning fall from grace .
4 on-air apology for falsely said that a helicopter in 2003 was flying on a combat mission in 2003 .
By then , the damage to the anchor 's credibility into his job .
It has spread " the trust millions of Americans place in NBC News , " said Steve Burke .
But the events that have befallen their division were told of the decision in a sharply .
But the events have befallen their division .
It would for now continue to handle the weekday broadcast .
She did n't see Williams ' remarks about his experience covering Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
She did not refer to Williams ' remarks about his experience covering Katrina in 2005 .
Turness said the network still had " concerns about comments that occurred while Brian was talking about his experiences . "
One NBC executive not authorized to discuss the matter publicly said it would be " a period of reflection " for Williams .
She said that it would be " a period of reflection " for Williams .
Klein thinks there is a chance Williams can take the job and continue his job .
Joe Klein , a former top executive for CNN and CBS News , thinks there is a chance Williams can win back his job and continue his job .
He thinks there is a chance that he can win back to his job .
" There is a hope that the audience misses Brian so much that they want him to come back , " he said .
However , Williams ' broadcast has held steady in its leadership position .
However , Williams ' broadcast has held steady in its leadership position .
However , Williams ' show has stayed at the top .
One group thought the network should cut its losses and let Williams go .
It is also aimed at putting a stop to the mael coverage about Williams ' problems .
The six-month suspension is also aimed at putting a stop , he said .
The six-month suspension is also aimed at stopping the media on Williams .
The six-month suspension is meant to stop the media on Williams .
Others believe the anchor 's ability to be entertaining in front of younger viewers .
She is among those who believe the demand for TV journalists are entertaining .
She is among those who believe the demand for TV journalists are entertaining .
Judy playing in South California is a professor of journalism at the University of Southern California .
She is a professor of journalism at the University of California .
He said that the truth is not entirely Brian Williams ' fault .
She said that she is not entirely Brian Williams ' fault .
But we ask people to be more than somebody who says the news or reports it .
Americans want newscasters to be more than somebody who says the news or reports it .
They hope the listing will provide a stronger legal case .
" This gives ( a much stronger law , " said Howard Garrett of the Whidbey Island-based Orca Network .
" It 's been part of the Miami Seaquarium family for 44 years , " he said .
" It 's been part of the Miami Seaquarium family for 44 years , " said Andrew Lester .
Lolita could survive in a sea pen or the open waters of the Pacific Northwest , and we are not willing to treat her life as an experiment .
The southern resident population , which spends several months each year in Puget Sound , is the only group listed in the United States under the Endangered Species Act .
The three pods in the population were reduced by captures by marine parks between 1965 and 1975 , NOAA says .
Under the Endangered Species Act , it is illegal to cause a " take " of a protected orca , which includes harming or harassing them .
The Endangered Species Act is against the law to harm or mistreat a protected orca .
Wednesday , NOAA officials said holding an animal captive , in and of itself , does not be able to take a take .
NOAA officials said Wednesday that holding an animal is not , in and mistreatment .
However , NOAA said that keeping an orca in an aquariums is not necessarily mistreatment .
There is " rising public in the whole idea of performing orcas , " said Garrett .
But NOAA officials still have concerns about releasing captive whales .
NOAA officials still have concerns about release captive whales .
The concerns include the possibility of disease , the ability of a newly released orca to find food and behavior patterns .
NOAA said previous attempts to release captive orcas and dolphins have often been unsuccessful .
NOAA said previous attempts to release captive orcas have often been unsuccessful .
Garrett said the plan for her to be taken to a fire .
Garrett said the plan for her to be taken to a fire .
Garrett said if if if in safety , she is freed , she would first be taken to a fire area of the bay .
She would be accompanied by familiar trainers who could " trust and reassure her every bit of the way , " she said .
She would be accompanied by familiar trainers who would " reassure her every bit of the way , " she said .
She would be accompanied by familiar trainers , who would " reassure her every bit of the way , " he said .
She is accompanied by familiar trainers , who would help her " every bit of the way , " she said .
The controversy over releasing captive whales has been heightened by the experience of Keiko a captive orca that starred in the 1993 .
The controversy over releasing captive whales has been heightened by the experience of Keiko .
He said he was impressed by the reintroduction effort .
" He proved that 180-degrees wrong .
He says Keiko never was able to seek out human contact at every chance .
He says Keiko never was able to catch fish on his own .
The fact that Keiko , but how he died , Garrett said Wednesday .
The fact that Keiko , but how he died , Garrett said .
Despite that concerns about food safety , people have not fallen or are actually on the increase .
Some are actually on the rise .
About 128,000 people end up in the hospital , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .
About 128,000 people end up in the hospital .
Food fraud is also increasing .
Scientists worldwide are working to create databases of foodborne microbial strains .
Scientists worldwide are working to create databases of tiny organisms .
Scientists worldwide are working to create databases of tiny living things .
Scientists are trying to put together information about tiny living things .
The new laws promise to speed investigations and reduce foodborne illnesses .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration promises to perform whole genome sequencing on a total of 100,000 types of food .
The technology maps the entire DNA sequence of a microbe .
Scientists can see one strain from another .
Scientists can see one kind of microbe , or tiny living thing .
Scientists can tell one type of microbe from another .
The project began in March 2012 and the database .
The researchers will be available online and for free to the people .
The database will be put online .
It will be free for scientists and public health .
They will make it possible to distinguish different strains of a microbe that are otherwise , indistinguishable and trace back a small cluster before it becomes widespread .
A recent study from Cornell University suggests the new technology is an effective and faster replacement .
Scientists were able to double the number of cases associated with a known 2010 outbreak of a salmonella called salmonella .
Whole genome has already been successful in parts of the disease .
Whole genome has already helped stop serious food outbreaks .
It has already helped stop serious food outbreaks .
In 2012 researchers isolated the specific strain in a salmonella outbreak .
In 2012 , scientists isolated the specific strain in a salmonella outbreak .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) investigated the plant .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) investigated the plant and found 10 sanitation slip-ups .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration investigated the plant .
The huge open-access Genome list should speed up this kind of detective work by providing an enormous volume of information that has already been analyzed .
The huge number of information that has already been analyzed .
The huge Genomelessness should speed up this kind of detective work .
But it would speed up this kind of detective work .
Food fraud prevention is also that the International BarOL ( iBOL ) is building a genetic library of all life on Earth .
Food fraud prevention is also aiding from a large international project called the International Barritten ( iBOL ) .
Food fraud prevention is also a large project called the International Barthrop .
There is also a large project called the International Barpp Life .
The project is building a library of all life on Earth .
In 2003 , geneticist Paul Hebert at the University of Guph in Ontario , it offers a global online database .
It offers a global online database of DNA labels .
The labels are sort of like the bar codes on food .
The project has already created over 2.6 million bar-Madison for almost 200,000 species of plants and animals .
The BOL can recognize farmed from wild salmon .
The iBOL can already notice farmed from wild salmon .
Finally , he inspired by the bar-c-made idea .
Finally , inspired by the bar-c advanced idea , one new company , Drek , is creating bar codes for food items .
The technology consists of DNA sequences taken from plants ; it is a odorless , colorless and other material .
It is a odorless , colorless and other material .
It uses DNA from plants to make a odorless , colorless and other material .
The DNA sequences act like invisible bar codes and can be applied at each point .
The DNA sequences act like invisible bar codes and can be applied at different points .
" When an outbreak occurs , " said Anthony Zografos , the founder of the disease " polymerase chain reaction technology can read the DNA code in about 20 minutes in the laboratory . "
" When an outbreak occurs , " said Anthony Zografos , the tags can be read in about 20 minutes .
" When an outbreak occurs , " company founder Anthony Zografos said , the tags can be read in about 20 minutes .
DNA 's Zografos thinks that smartphones may one day have apps that can actually detect bacterial pollution or man-made bar .
DNA 's Zografos thinks that smartphones may one day have apps that can actually detect finding food or viruses .
It believes that cellphones can actually spot bacteria or viruses .
Zografos thinks that cellphones may be able to move to the bar .
So the day may not be far off when we can hold our phones over a fish .
Then we can hold our phones over a fish advertise .
Then we can hold our phones over our food .
Then we can hold our phones over a piece of fish to make sure they are eating .
CARMEL VALLEY , Calif . — It is finding pollution on the edge of the continent .
CARMEL VALLEY , Calif . — It is located high levels of pollution on the continent .
CARMEL VALLEY , Calif . — It is detecting high levels of pollution way up in the Santa Lucia Mountains .
CARMEL VALLEY , Calif . — The Santa Lucia Mountains in California should have some of the country 's cleanest air .
From a new report , the University of California , Davis has for the last three years .
From a long time , the lung-damaging gas in smog , as it arrives to California .
For the last three years , the lung-damaging gas in smog , as it arrives to California .
Faloona has been measuring ozone , the lung-damaging gas in smog .
For the last three years , he has been studying California .
The monitoring site , more than 5,000 feet above sea level on a pine-studded overlook above the lowest layer of the atmosphere .
It is located on Chews Ridge , more than 5,000 feet above sea level .
His monitoring site is on Chews Ridge .
His measuring devices are located on Chews Ridge .
It gives small air from the Pacific before it is badled by U.S. pollution sources .
The site allows safety to test air from the Pacific before it comes into contact with U.S. pollution .
He can test air from across the Pacific Ocean before it is affected by the U.S. pollution .
He and other scientists at rural , high-altitude sites across the western U.S. have been documenting rising levels of historic studies .
He and other scientists have been studying more people across the western U.S. , even as nationwide emissions have dropped steeply over the last few years .
In addition , the United States has become expensive and other countries .
In comparison , the scientists say , increasing levels of ancient U.S. The western U.S. In about a week , winds carry off by oil and factories .
In about a week , winds carry historic historic historic by gas , factories and power plants .
Winds carry the ozone from Asia to the U.S. West Coast in about a week .
Experts say that as U.S. air quality improves .
The problem is particularly pronounced in western states that sit at higher elevation and are first exposed to the pollutants .
Last year , the agency submitted a first-of-its petition to the United States .
It said that it was not submitted through the appropriate process and that the district can meet the health standard even despite the added pollution .
The EPA has proposed tightening ozone limits , from 75 parts per billion to between 65 and 70 parts per billion per billion , later this year .
The standard would put more areas of the country in violation of air quality standards and place parts of the West in a tough spot between a rising federal limits .
She said that pollution flowing in from Asia would require an international treaty .
She said that the ice was moving in from Asia .
She said pollution can not be easy .
It will not be easy to pollution from China , said scientist Owen .
Such a deal is unlikely , leaving U.S. regulators to eke out further cuts in smog-forming pollutants .
It is unlikely that he said .
It is unlikely , Cooper said .
" Here in Denver , our emissions have come down enormously due to cleaner cars , but our historic pollution is n't coming down , " he said .
However , he is n't coming down .
Their recent focus on historic ties from Asia has drawn criticism .
The recent focus on historic ties from Asia has drawn criticism .
They say state should spend their resources to curbing emissions from cars , factories and other sources they have the power to control .
Dolores ( Weller , director of the Central Valley Air Coalition , says the air district 's attention to historic example .
She says the air district 's attention to ozone from Asia is the latest example of officials .
The studies have found that Asian ozone contributes 3 to 8 parts of the pollution in low-elevation parts of Southern California , such as Bakersfield and Los Angeles .
They have also found evidence that the gas is sinking and mixing into the San Joaquin Valley .
Still , the attention to the issue is a shift from decades ago .
It 's not clear that he 's a lot of air-quality problems are no longer rough from one another .
It is no longer rough from one another .
Faloona agrees that the Asian and U.S. pollution are linked .
Looking inland , he sees the San Joaquin Valley , blanketed in a layer of air pollution .
Looking on the island , he sees the San Joaquin Valley 's pollution .
" But we 've realized it 's all connected , " he said .
BOGOTA , Colombia — The Valentine 's Day industrial complex , complete with mandatory red roses and bouquets of flowers , owes a debt .
Fifty years ago , Colombia shipped to Miami .
Fifty years ago , Colombia shipped its first group of fresh-cut flowers to Miami .
In a handful of decades , flowers in the United States went from being high-end luxury goods sold only at specialized shops .
In a handful of decades , flowers in the United States went from being high-end luxury goods sold only at specialized shops .
Back when that first batch of Colombian flowers was shipped , flowers in the United States were expensive luxury goods sold only at specialized shops .
There were only at specialized shops .
It will export 500 million flowers for Valentine 's Day and 3 out of every 4 stems .
He will export 500 million flowers for Valentine 's Day and 3 out of every 4 stems .
He will send 500 million flowers to other countries for Valentine ' Day .
At the time , most of America ' fresh-cut flowers were coming from California and Colorado .
At the time , most of America ' fresh-cut flowers were coming from California and Colorado .
A tall-year-old Colombianas went up Flores Colombianas , and his first shipment to Miami in October 1965 .
Wells returned home and set up a flower company , named Floresas .
When he was in October 1965 , he made his first shipment to Miami in October 1965 .
" Wells was a playboy but he had the idea , " said Charles Weston , who began managing Flores Colombianas in 1969 .
He saw that Washington was full .
In 1961 , President John F. Kennedy launched the Alliance for Progress .
Colombia was a showcase for the effort .
Among that group was a Colorado State University student named David Cheever .
Inspired by Wells ' work , Cheever wrote his master 's master 's master Care in 1967 .
Inspired by Wells ' work , Cheever wrote a paper in 1967 .
A new law by the U.S. must be introduced in Afghanistan .
He is helping his father run cattle and grow cattle .
He and two brothers started growing carnations on a 2.5-acre plot .
He and two brothers started growing carnations on a 2.5-acre plot of land .
He started growing flowers on a 2.5-acre plot in 1969 .
The greenhouse structures that are still in use today on flower farms were largely developed by him .
He is generous with his ideas .
Vaughan remembers hand-carrying boxes of flowers to Miami .
The early years were trial and error , and Vaughan recalls having to hand-carry boxes of flowers to Miami .
The early years were hard for Colombian flower sellers .
He also helped convince U.S. grocery stores that flowers made sense .
At first , the Chinese government found U.S. grocery stores .
" They work by the square foot , " he said of chains such as Costco and Walmart .
Things began to take off in the early 1970s when Weston , with Flores Colombianas , established El Dorado Company in Miami .
The flowers were going straight into refrigeration .
Now , there are an estimated 350 flower growers in Colombia who employ 130,000 workers .
The industry shipped 200,000 tons of flowers in 2013 worth about $ 1.3 billion .
In 2013 200,000 tons of flowers were shipped from the country .
He added that for a year-round consumer " will not only want flowers for Valentine 's Day .
The needs of employers of struggling to compete .
The supply of skilled workers will decline more — leaving some 5 million jobs by 2018 .
The skills gap has been pigeon for many years .
The private industry has a huge stake in this challenge and can not afford to wait for others to find a solution .
But companies are the ones that hire people spat out by our education system .
It should surprise no one that business leaders are innovating their way out of the problem .
It should give no one that business leaders are innovating their way out of the problem .
A number of companies and partners have pioneered a whole new approach to ensure that you need , when you need it .
A number of companies and partners have pioneered a whole new approach to finding workers .
A number of companies and universities have pioneered a new approach to finding workers .
It 's simply the common sense of planning ahead and made things too trusted .
Businesses plan ahead and establish processes .
Businesses plan ahead and build relationships with trusted .
We call this talent management .
When applied to workers we call it talent pipeline .
When applied to workers , we call this " talent pipeline . "
When it 's applied to workers we call it " talent pipeline . "
Talent pipeline management is n't much different from the state-of-the-art supply chain principles that companies use to source goods , capital or information .
Talent pipeline management is n't much different from the supply chains that companies use to source goods and parts , money or information .
Talent pipeline management is n't much different from the idea behind supply chains .
Companies use chains supply chains to find parts and goods .
Companies use these ideas to get their parts .
After it built its massivepointe engine manufacturing complex in Virginia .
Rolls wearing the ride have made a huge engine factory in Virginia .
Rolls wearing the ride have made it easier for auto factory in Virginia .
Before making the $ 170 million investment in the first-ever mission , the company wanted to be sure that skilled workers would be available .
It was a $ 170 million investment in the first-ever mission .
It spent $ 170 million on the first-ever mission .
It would have a supply of skilled workers .
So it partnered with the local community college system .
So it partnered with a community college .
So it partnered with the local community college .
Since working on the course work , and curricula , as well as new tools and resources to train students on the same machines .
Since working on the course work , as well as new tools to train students on the machines .
Since working on the course work and trained students on the machines used at the factory .
Since then , they have helped design course work and trained students on the machines used at the factory .
These kinds of arrangements add value for everyone .
These kinds of arrangements help everyone involved .
The employer wins by having steady access to candidates who are not only qualified .
The employer by having steady access to candidates whose skills fit the demands of the position .
The employer by having a steady supply of candidates who have skills that fit the position .
The employer wins by having a steady supply of workers .
The education partner benefits by being able to point to concrete job opportunities for its graduates .
The school benefits by being able to show that it finds jobs for its graduates .
The school benefits by being able to say that it finds jobs for its graduates .
The school benefits by being able to say it found jobs for its graduates .
And those students can receive an education that comes with real job prospects .
And those new students will receive an education that comes with real job prospects .
And those new students will receive an education that comes with real jobs .
They are looking for students to find a job .
Through talent pipeline , we can achieve truly demand-driven education and workforce systems to help create opportunities for people .
Through talent pipeline , we can achieve education and worker training truly based on need , or demand .
These can achieve education and worker training based on need and demand .
These can achieve education and train workers .
It will help make opportunities for individuals , ensure a steady flow of qualified workers to allow businesses to thrive and grow .
BALTIMORE — At first-paying jobs , it sounds like a good idea .
BALTIMORE — At first , it sounds like a good idea .
BALTIMORE — At first , it sounds like a good idea .
BALTIMORE — At first , it sounds like a good idea : Even with universities and colleges to create vocational coursework .
There 's just one major part of education , particularly higher education , is to develop citizens with a variety of skills needed to live a full and vibrant life in a flourishing 21st-century democracy .
There 's just one major part of education , particularly higher education , is to develop citizens with a variety of skills needed to live a full and vital life in our modern democracy .
There 's just one major part of education is to develop citizens with a wide of skills needed to live a full life in a modern democracy .
There 's just one major tradition : The primary purpose of education is to develop citizens with a wide variety of skills .
That 's why the recent program launched by business groups to create an unhealthy view of skilled workers .
It launched by business groups to create a pipeline .
That 's why the new plan launched by business groups to create a pipeline .
That 's why the recent plan launched by business groups .
It 's true that college graduates earn more money over their lifetimes .
It 's true that college graduates earn more money over their lifetimes .
Of course it 's true that college graduates earn more money over their lifetimes .
But the problem is that far too many people start college drop out .
In the 2011-2012 school year , the Pell spending $ 34.5 billion .
The government suggest that a majority of Pell recipients dropped out before completing their sophomore year .
Government numbers suggest that the majority of Pell students dropped out before completing their second year .
It 's clear that many high school graduates do n't have the right to go .
Many high school graduates do n't have the intention to go on to college .
Many high school graduates do n't really want to go to college .
The paradox is that nearly a million attractive jobs are going begging .
The remedy is not to have schools create new and easier for students .
The remedy is not to have schools create new and easier courses .
The remedy is not to have schools create new and easier for students .
They are easier for students to have college .
The Germans have placed a high value on vocational education .
In Germany , the educational system begins to allow between those students best suited for higher education and those who do better in training at an early age , often in the eighth grade or at the start of their freshman .
In Germany , the educational system begins to set apart those students best for higher education and those who do fare better in training at an early age .
In Germany , the educational system sets apart those students best for higher education and those who may do better in jobs .
In Germany , the educational system separates students for higher education and those who do better in vocational training .
More than two-thirds of the German workforce has received training from technical schools .
More than two-thirds of the German workforce has received training from technical schools .
More than two-thirds of the German workforce has received training from technical schools .
In 2012 , German companies hired 600,000 workers .
In 2012 , German companies hired 600,000 workers .
The system obviously is working .
In October , a slumping economy , Germany 's youth unemployment was 7.7 percent compared to 12.7 percent .
In October , a rough economy , Germany 's youth unemployment was 7.7 percent compared to 12.7 percent for the United States .
In Germany , vocational , students learn both in the classroom .
They spend three days a week as helpers .
As a result , they go to a week .
College students make more than half of German students choose this job path .
Volks playing in popularity is a good example .
Volks playing in baseball is a good example .
The company is sending its Passat assembly line .
The company is in a large building .
The company runs its Volkswagen Academy right in the same building .
Aspiring workers who complete the three-year program earn a starting salary of $ 22 an hour .
Students who complete a program earn $ 22 an hour are expected to pay $ 22 an hour .
It 's time to end the stigma long-attached to education by changing the German approach throughout the U.S. Most Americans do n't need a university diploma .
It 's time to end the negative view long attached by changing the German approach throughout the U.S. Most Americans do n't need a university diploma .
It 's time to adapt through the U.S. Most Americans do n't need a university degree , but all need a well-paying job .
Most Americans do n't need a college degree .
