One side of the armed conflicts is made up mainly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group made up mainly of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes from the northern Rizeigat region of Sudan.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, the holy city of Islam, which all able-bodied Muslims must visit at least once in their lives.
The Great Dark Spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball. Then he crawled fast to the east and pulled the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later, on January 13, 888.
They are similar in culture to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been awarded the Colin Mears Award.
After the drummers, there are dancers who often play the sogo (a small drum that makes almost no sound) and have more elaborate and acrobatic dances.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the NASA Cassini orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola (born November 8, 1942) is an Italian football player.
Originally, it was thought that the debris from the crash would fill the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He graduated with a BA in anthropology.
However, the BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party in that it is in favour of a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty and against the withdrawal of the EU.
Many species had died out by the end of the 19th century with European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive.
Today, the NRC is an independent, private foundation.
It is located on the Baltic Sea coast and surrounds the town of Stralsund.
He was also named Sportsman of the Year by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport that is believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday all of Thailand will be painted yellow.
Both names were merged into the National Museum of Scotland in 2007.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated various styles, such as the handicrafts of northern New Ireland, the carvings of the Haida on the west coast of Canada and the woodcuts of Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of the Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 as part of the Great Performances at the White House series on the Public Broadcasting Service.
Perry Saturn (with Terri) defeated Eddie Guerrero (with Chyna) to win the WWF European Championship.
She stayed in the US until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
Despina was discovered by the Voyager 2 probe at the end of July 1989.
The first Italian Grand Prix took place on September 4, 1921 in Brescia.
He has also completed two collections of short stories: The Ribbajack and Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object in the Voyager 2 images, with its main axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to kill him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the southeast of Western Australia, between the South Australian border and as far as Caiguna, do not follow official Western Australian time.
For architectural decoration, coloured and iridescent shells have been used to create mosaics and inlays. These are used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
The other incorporated towns on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxy, Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark.
It's not a real louse.
He advocates the use of a user-centred design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline.
In theory, the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you could be part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away who they have never met in person.
Working Group I: Assessment of the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, separated from the mainland of Scotland and the Inner Hebrides by the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed their daughter Alanna Marie on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet names are number-name combinations overseen by the Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU.
At dawn on September 30, wind shear began to increase dramatically and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a data value, i.e. a copy of the data value in a backing store.
As a result, both men and women who attend a mosque must comply with these rules, although many mosques do not enforce them.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques.
Ryan Prosser (born July 10, 1988 in Bristol) is a British rugby player.
As with the previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three of which come from its working groups.
His granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. His grandson Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and large quantities were printed.
The International Fight League was the first MMA league in the world.
Giardia lamblia (also known as Lamblia intestinalis or Giardia duodenalis) is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
In addition, he has often appeared in Christian films, such as the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force and Left Behind: World at War.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula, later called Prussia proper.
After graduating, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later became artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the Gospel of Matthew - and in particular in the Gospel of Luke.
Weelkes would later find himself in trouble with the cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and coarse behaviour.
Celebrity guests have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott with the Voyager 1 space probe on March 5, 1979, while orbiting Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the official release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of the Jungiery boy band 183 Club.
The Apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, mentions the singing of the Hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity and pledged to defend the north of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It is derived from Voice of America Special English.
He received a full-size Oscar and seven smaller ones, which were presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
It still exists as Czech Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to confusion for consumers when 220 bytes are referred to as 1 MB instead of 1 MiB.
The case has been the subject of numerous reports on ethics in science.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or to gain weight.
Seventh sons have strong special powers, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extremely rare and powerful.
Benchmarking by PassMark Software shows that the 2009 version takes 52 seconds to install, 32 seconds to scan and uses 7 MB of memory.
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Until recently, the sensations of itch and pain were not considered independent of each other, but it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but with notable differences.
The tongue is sticky due to the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites that adhere to it.
The same tram derailed on the Starr Gate loop on May 30, 2006.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers brought food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages and a live rock band to the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in north-west France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings will be built along the bypass, turning it into a normal city street, and the bypass will eventually become just as congested as the local streets it is intended to avoid.
It is also a starting point for those who want to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can cause pain, but are not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals or anyone else connected with Wikipedia in any way is responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked to these pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as chancellor for the Elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are quite small and their vision is poor.
They are second only to chitin in toughness.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
You can buy tickets on the National Railways, the Docklands Light Railway and the Oyster Card.
These works he produced and published himself, while his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method consists of the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history.
The sheer weight of the continental ice cap sitting on Lake Vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen content.
In 2000 it had a population of 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read, but not interested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug.
It will then free itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has also shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it is someone they know, trust or care about.
Today, Landis "father is a big fan of his son and one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after reaching Category 4, the outer convection of the hurricane began to weaken.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of work is the wage.
Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they wrote a book, An Adventure, under the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and devoted himself mainly to practical teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi came under the rule of the Church as part of the legation of Perugia, and from then on its history merges first with the states of the Church and then with the Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
On the 20th, the depression moved inland as a circulation without convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it brought heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a police force in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current band consists of Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel ( guitar) and Dave McClain ( drums).
Advocacy Countries with a minority of Muslims are more likely than Muslim-majority countries in the Greater Middle East to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
They are the foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa governor and won.
In 1990, Mark Messier beat Ray Bourque by just two votes, a single first-place vote.
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he blindly disregards this law and inadvertently sets in motion a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony and its premature migration and separation from him.
The female counterpart is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with stomach cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm hit, the National Park Service closed all visitor centers and campsites on the Outer Banks.
The form of chess played is speed chess, in which each player has twelve minutes to play.
The Amazon basin is the part of South America that is drained by the Amazon River.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the Gwangju massacre in 1980.
Moderate to severe damage could be seen along the Atlantic coast and as far inland as West Virginia.
As the owners tend to be unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave crossed the Atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the style book of the Associated Press is updated every year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, the Gospel of Mark, the Gospel of Luke and the Gospel of John.
Since the end of the 19th century, Eschelbronn has been known for its furniture production.
The upper half also looks like the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim.
Unlike the clouds on Earth, which are made up of crystals of ice, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited to the age of legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to use.
In 1482, he was sent to Florence, the city of his destiny.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks, the St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral ( 1908) and the St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died on May 29, 1518, in Madrid, Spain, and was buried in the church of San Benito de Alcantara.
This was shown in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as combined heat and power, is the use of a heat engine or a power plant to generate both electricity and heat.
On occasion, the male will allow a second male into the den, but the reason for this is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or CSS snippet that you can turn on by checking an option in your Wikipedia settings.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946 and from 1946 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I made him a member of the Chapel Royal, where he served as organist from at least 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive the award and initially said that he would not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers saw the language and the culture that grew around it as an end in themselves, even if Esperanto was never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone had eroded most of the deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American writer.
Eva Anna Paula Braun (February 6, 1912 - April 30, 1945) was the wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the License has a unique version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but a user must first set a nickname.
In the same year, he also received a mechanic's license, making him the youngest ever to be certified as a mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and will take place on August 23, 2009 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
Usually bald and with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
A few animals have a chromatic response, changing color in changing environments, either seasonally (ermine, snowshoe hare) or much more quickly with chromatophores in their integument (cephalopods).
Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
This is very similar to the Unix philosophy of multiple programs that do one thing well and work together via universal interfaces.
Brion comes from a musical family. His mother, LaRue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo and the United States. However, Mennonites can also be found in small communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered among the population of these countries.
Naas is a major suburb of Dublin and many people live and work there.
The armor of Acanthopholis consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally in the skin. Spikes protruded from the neck and shoulder area along the spine.
Origin Irmo was founded on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
On the other hand, bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
In the years before his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow inside of the bone.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département in southern France.
MacGruber starts looking for simple things to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by his personal life, which causes him to run out of time.
The work was almost complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod orchestrated the last movement with the help of George Benjamin.
After Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf, Karbala is one of the holy cities of Shi'a Islam.
The PAD called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat.
But travel through very remote and isolated areas requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four-wheel drive.
At Kahn, he was chief architect of the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal. He and Dr. Schön leave.
Britpop came out of the British independent music scene of the early 1990s, with bands influenced by British guitar pop of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into the battalions of the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and the trains are shorter.
With a capacity of 98,772, it is the largest stadium in Europe and the 11th largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was named a Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel.
Some articles are quite long and rich in content, while others are shorter and of lower quality.
More than 95 species are currently accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after the Indigenous Australian word for the place where the sand falls down the hill.
Terms such as underwear for underwear and movie for motion pictures are often used in English.
The case law is based on international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of their native society.
He followed this with other pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to The Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost a decade.
Gumbasia was created in a style that Vorkapich called the Kinesthetic Film Principles.
The lawyer Brandon Waise Lee became his idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a historic town near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China also dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Prior to the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page refresh, text-to-speech and a reduced overall thickness of 0.8 to 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters).
Yghurt or yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position. Only 35 goalkeepers are in the Hall of Fame.
Various views on the issue have been proposed over the centuries, but all have been rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
However, the album was banned from many record stores across the country.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
At the end of 2004, Suleman made headlines by withdrawing Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March, Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Fire Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and the cardinal rule of all firemen is: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008 with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is thought to be a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only woman to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Orchestration Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the country were suppressed.
His operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Changan.
Jeanne Marie- Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968) was a French organist and composer.
By most accounts, the instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore (St. Mary the Great) is the oldest church in Assisi.
Characteristics Radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly trade journal for the rail, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was made a Companion of Honour in 1988.
The installations of Onyx, the Swiss eavesdropping system, are located in Loèche.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder that contains a lot of matches and has a rough surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to speak out against smoking in front of children and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed never to renounce the Commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
OEL manga series Graystripe Trilogy There is a three-volume English-language manga series following Graystripe from his capture by Twolegs in Dawn to his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Samovar, 1994, p. 84 Syrians did not gather in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He is also known for his prints, book covers, posters and garden furniture.
When she was a child, her lungs collapsed twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for the conservation of species such as Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a Canadian ice hockey team in the National Hockey League.
High value inductors can also be built on an integrated circuit using the same processes as in the case of transistors.
The term gribble was originally used to describe the wood-boring species, in particular the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799.
The wounds caused by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt force trauma injuries.
From then on, the county was governed by Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has ever done a quadruple Axel in competition.
The telephone exchange was used by the commandant of Port Jackson to communicate with all the military installations on the harbour.
But there are still rules for those who enter a mosque without intending to pray.
It is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found on the Volga.
The cross symbolises the monasteries of the region.
The colour of the skin can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank, a Chicago-based development bank, helped Yunus found the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer said there were plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details of such a trial were not yet known.
Members of the Professional Hockey Writers "Association vote for the All-Star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south and China to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 and is owned by Bomis, Inc.
Other features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve (born February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana) is a rugby union player.
Other nearby towns are Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by the physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with gold garlands and was added in 1938 when the column was moved to its present place.
West Berlin had its own post office, separate from West Germany, which issued its own stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli.
The largest city in New South Wales is Sydney.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon are also used.
The name is still used as a brand for a digital television channel, a digital radio station and a website, which have survived the death of the print magazine.
At the age of four and a half, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years.
In the 1980s and 1990s, stands were added behind each set of goals as the ground was renovated.
A town can be called a market town or market town even if it no longer has a market, as long as the right to do so still exists.
A bastion on the eastern approach was built later.
Events in Europe July 29: Battle of Stiklestad in Norway. Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle.
Others have theorized that Tresca was killed by the NKVD as retribution for his criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This led to Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS markup with care and for good reason.
Schuschnigg immediately announced that the reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon.
Depending on the context, the term constituent also has a closely related meaning as a citizen who lives in the area governed, represented or otherwise served by a politician; sometimes this is limited to citizens who elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a small part in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew then built a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the hovercraft and shot the scene on the Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book by Phelps et al. called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory.
Wario Land The Wario Land series began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of Super Mario Land.
Chopin's Opus 57 is a work for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
A historian has said that it was the quinine's effect that gave the colonists new opportunities to settle in the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have also shown the presence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicate a stony surface.
She was the first editor of her husband's works at Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks similar to the moon: it is heavily cratered with flat plains, has no natural satellites and no atmosphere.
Geography The town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
They are ideal habitats for chinkara, hog deer and blue bulls.
After the fall of the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan rulers of Delhi before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office as long as he or she has the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's courage and because he shows selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and his RAF colleagues Jan- Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were arrested in Frankfurt after a long gunfight.
Together they formed New Music Manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet in the region.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi, as well as facilities and accommodation for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second U.S. woman to land the triple Axel in a national competition.
Salem is a town in Essex County, Massachusetts, in the United States.
There are 49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs cannot be distributed without further editing if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell in parts of the UK on October 5, causing localized flooding.
Version 2009.1 includes a USB installer to create a Live USB, where the configuration and personal data of the user can be saved if desired.
The Free Democratic Party (FDP) has two seats, the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP) two, the Social Democratic Party (SPD) two and the Swiss People's Party (SVP) one.
A fee is the price of a service, in particular the fee paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant or other member of a learned profession.
The library system at Ohio State consists of 21 libraries located on the Columbus campus.
Among other things, Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's rule, but Scotland was able to fend off a Norse invasion and broker a favourable peace settlement.
The singles from the album were By the Way, The Zephyr Song, Ca n't Stop, Dosed and Universally Speaking.
In April 2000, MINIX became free / open source software under a permissive free software license. By this time, however, other operating systems had already surpassed its capabilities and MINIX remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-grey to beige-white. In addition, there are dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was primarily a Scottish company, symbolised by the thistle, the national flower of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, but it was lifted soon after the storm hit on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marines and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 bombs against the Iraqi Republican Guards in the first phase of the war.
The latter provided the audience with information that would later be provided by the intertitles, and can help historians imagine what the film might have been like.
This is because real estate, farms and other assets in the underground economy of the Third World cannot be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He ran from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot in 1796.
Ned and Dan marched to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
Before the second game, the press agreed that the appearance was not up to Veeck's usual standard.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a short video for the charity Equality Now that Fray is not done, Fray is coming back.
A mutant is a fictional character from the comic book industry.
The SAT Reasoning Test (formerly known as the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test) is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy gives rise to the medieval musical form of the Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports state that various factors increase the risk of both paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years in prison.
Waugh writes that Charles was in search of love when he first met Sebastian and found the small door in the wall that opened into an enchanted garden, a metaphor that informs the work on several levels.
Her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin played an important role in her life.
The term dorsal anatomy refers to anatomical structures that lie on or grow off this side of an animal.
The term protein was coined by Berzelius after Mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and could be composed of a single type of molecule.
After the raid on the Jerilderie, the gang hid for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-west France.
The colour range ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added, which curved north from Union Station, past University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Until 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railway's Central Australian line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage path that led through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden death or both.
As the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it is spread over a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google then made the comic available on Google Books and its website, and mentioned it on its official blog with an explanation of the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully checked internally and require official proofs before they can be altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985, but it was not widely distributed in schools.
In spring 1990, she toured with the IPO for the first time in the Soviet Union, performing in Moscow and Leningrad. In 1994, she toured with the IPO again, performing in China and India.
Napoleonic Wars: Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, taking more than 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages - Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
Meteora has received several awards and nominations.
After a short stand-off, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century the Slavs began to move in.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus, including the dental and pharmacy departments, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois.
Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of the Armenian name Arzash, which ends in -ka and is derived from the proper name Arzash. It is similar to the name Arsene, Arsissa, used by the ancient Greeks for part of Lake Van.
From a total of 16,421 applicants, she was one of 15 selected to appear on the TV show.
The episodes were broadcast on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia first hired the famous Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and then Julio César Falcioni, but both had little success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She has also appeared in a number of music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the birth of the village, Glinde was granted a town charter.
Pauline returned in the Game Boy remake of the game in 1994, and later in Mario vs.
The vagina is remarkably elastic and can stretch to many times its normal diameter during birth.
His real date of birth has never been recorded, but it is believed to have been between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance (inhibitor) is needed to inhibit a given biological process or part of a process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism.
Although they are located in the Bernese Oberland, parts of the Bernese Alps are in the neighbouring cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had a daughter, later baptized Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann Power.
Edward Gorey said in an interview that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and regretted that not many people remembered or knew this great artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes, just as a guitar string can produce different notes. Each mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable also received an Oscar nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty in 1935.
